,Post Author,Comment Author,Comment Body
0,BasieSkanks,La_Diabla,"GenderCritical (@rGenderCritical)

@jk\_rowling Thank you for saying this. WE LOVE YOU ⚡️ [twitter](https://twitter.com/rGenderCritical/status/1208084151573725184)"
1,DrinkingCoconut,RetlaOge,"Christ... the kind of shit people are replying you'd think she'd murdered an entire nursery of disabled kids or something.

It's twitter though, so no real surprise it's full of absolute clowns.

Apparently it's now *""cruel and primitive""* to understand that sex exists... Who the fuck are these people? How do they manage to function in the real world?"
2,ABeerAndCheer,MrMojoRiseman,"The replies to the tweet are just incredible. All she said was don't fire a woman for saying biological sex is a thing, and people are saying that trans kids wouldn't be allowed in Hogwarts and that Rowling is a literal Death Eater 😂"
3,sa7ira,GoshawkToday,"The fact that she put the hashtag #ThisIsNotADrill indicates she knows perfectly well what she is doing. ""This is Not a Drill"" is the title of an article, mentioned in another post in this sub, written by Kathleen Stock and subtitled ""I call upon UK academic philosophers and other academics to publicly demonstrate their disciplinary values."" Kathleen Stock is mentioned in Julie Bindel's recent article, ""Triumph of the Trans Lobbyists.""

I wonder if anyone else if putting up any #ThisIsNotADrill tweets."
4,Aslan_reed,ComplicatedSpirit,"Digg.com's article on the issue said that J.K. Rowling is wrong because ""trans people have a right to exist"". Jesus fuck. Any time some random person doesn't give them what they want, it gets blown into some massive human tragedy on par with the worst violations of the right to live.

NO ONE SAID TIP DON'T HAVE A RIGHT TO EXIST. Fuck. Not buying into your ideology =/= believing you don't have the right to exist.

It's like having someone refuse to convert to your religion and claiming that they want you dead because of it."
5,maymoona,remquarqk,"I still can't believe a CHARITY WORKER was fired.

People in the biological, medical sciences say things like ""sex is immutable"" every single day.

If I wasn't on this sub I don't think I would understand the level of pushback a statement like this would cause."
6,aladyfleeingzombies,Taveing,"This is fantastic! This must be difficult for her as she'll undoubtedly attract a lot of venom from some of her own supporters. Like Dumbledore says: ""It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.”"
7,Sensirr,littlecandyapple,"As much as I love this, the replies are so bizarre. Guilt-tripping someone for acknowledging reality. I hope she doesn’t cave in and apologize to the TRA circlejerk."
8,halloweenaita1,quasarbar,"SEX IS REAL.

What the actual fuck is going on when you're ""violating human rights"" by stating an objective scientific fact?"
9,ShameSchool,Beepus_Maleepus,"Ok today is the day. I've fucking peaked. Reading through the comments to her tweet has well and truly stuck the knife in. All my life I have suffered because I am female. I don't ""feel"" any way in particular, I *am* female. And I have suffered for it. From being raped at 7 to being abused by my ex boyfriend and everything in between. Now we are being told these experiences are imaginary and to suggest that our experiences are because of our BIOLOGICAL SEX is fucking transphobic!  I just can't anymore. This is insane, I am done."
10,,freshpicked12,Now THAT is a brave and stunning woman.
11,,UnableGiraffe3,"I'm not surprised! She might be filthy rich now but once upon a time she was the kind of woman who spent time in women's shelters. I speak from experience when I say middle class privilege makes it easy to chant transwomen are women because it doesn't even occur to ask questions like ""what if I was at a homeless shelter and my roommate was the Gamestop Ma'am? What if I were in prison and had to share a shower with Kate White?"""
12,,femaleisnotafeeling,"People are losing their damn minds in the replies. They love posting that photo of Emma Watson wearing the “trans rights are human rights”shirt, as if JKR is advocating for the hunt of trans people for sport."
13,,vageennpeenrgender,"I’m shook right now. I feel like I will never have the professional and personal security to be so bold.
Seeing JK be brave enough to STAND UP is amazing to me. HP was a big part of my childhood and family life."
14,,ThrowThrowBurritoABC,A few months ago several of my acquaintances went to local libraries and hid Rowling's books so patrons couldn't find them.   At least two refused to let their children read Harry Potter because they consider her a TERF.
15,,Calamity_loves_tacos,"So surprising (/s) how such a sound, non aggressive statement is met with loads of memes saying ""shut the fuck up terf"" with cutesy guns being pointed from the side shouting about being on ""the right side of history""."
16,,restlessyears,"Oh thank goodness. Well done JK. We need someone with her profile to stand up for women.

The replies and indirects about her tweet is absolutely INSANE.... all this whining and crying about “how will the trans kids feel seeing this” and all this... what?? Nobody should be so fragile and deluded that they cry at the MATERIAL REALITY that biological sex is a real thing. Like other commenters have said, people are making it seem as if she is some sort of mass murderer for acknowledging a basic fact that EVERYONE ACCEPTED up until recently."
17,,flapyourwings,"Oh damn, JK went IN!"
18,,sara7147,YES!!!  So glad a celebrity had the balls to stand up and SAY SOMETHING!!!
19,,cavesofsponge,"Thank you, J.K."
20,,modernmedusaa,"FANTASTIC NEWS!!

And this is why I love when poor women end up super rich but don't forget about their sisters- she is still in touch with her struggles as a single mother and the other underdogs thrown under the bus

Also writing fantasy novels for a living she probs has a lot to say about that LOLLLL

Glad JK was able to see the growing gravitas of this issue. This is actually huge given her level of fame!! Seems like she was flirting with it in the background but has now decided to go full throttle GC!!!"
21,,raddy-set-go,"I find it deeply disturbing that merely saying ""sex  is real"" is now front page news. I genuinely feel like I'm going crazy reading the responding tweets, like I've stepped into a parallel universe."
22,,accioupvotes,Oof. According to some of the comments this post is rising in /r/all. Prepare for the TRAs
23,,Saitschik,The comments under her tweet are a living proof that many transgenderpeople unfortunately have severe mental health issue. The way they are losing it is more than creepy and the way they threaten women for their agenda disgusting. Everybody supporting them supports a new form of misogyny. Plain and simple.
24,,sojourner_truth_,Yes!!!! I love to hear celebrities pushing back.
25,,2or3thingsIknow,The idiot trans loons who trashed her from a Like on a tweet caused their own issues. The more they screech and whine and ban and censor the more people push back. Of course she was going to be a terf. This is what happens when you are metaphorically and literally bullied by men. You push back.
26,,FlyinBananaPhone,The man who started all this with Maya referred to a feminist charity group as “roasties” and said he hoped they got raped. Incel language.
27,,BasieSkanks,"Rowling didn’t even mention gender ideology, and the TRAs are losing their shit.  She only mentioned that biological sex is real. How can ANYONE with a functioning brain stem argue with that? The fact they are frothing at the mouth at a statement of objective true just shows how crazy this movement has become."
28,,mokebe_asfalit,Is woke twitter going to start comparing her to Voldemort now?
29,,Jo_in_TN,"This court ruling has emboldened cyclopath.  He is talking lawsuits and is wanting to contact major news publications.

He really thinks he can sue every woman into shutting up, but will more likely begin a campaign of contacting employers of every woman who speaks out.   I have nothing to lose to this bully, but I fear for women in the U.K.

I can read his twitter account from my phone only (which I find difficult), since I'm been blocked on my computer.  :)"
30,,antediluvian5,"Came to this sub to see if anyone was talking about this! I saw “JK Rowling is a terf” trending and thought, “Good for her. I like her more now.”"
31,,RealMapelFlavour,"""Cool."" - Magdalen Berns"
32,,furious_doog,Watch them burn their Harry Potter books.
33,,moglbu,The replies to her tweet are all people claiming to be in tears and heartbroken. I can’t even begin to imagine being that affected by someone’s words.
34,,shapesofthesea,"I read the tweet and my first thought was, she’s not saying anything wrong. She’s acknowledging reality. The people angry about her comment are so deep in denial. I don’t get it."
35,,,[deleted]
36,,Jenjenhar,"So wonderful that JK is brave enough to stand up for common sense and women’s rights. A large number of her fans are crying about it. Looks like they still believe in fantasies.

Maya F is crowdfunding her legal fees. Unfortunately she has only hit £85,000 so far. It’s against rules to link it but please please donate if you are able to."
37,,apfrun,"I cannot believe saying ""sex is real"" is such a massive issue. Also how is it even transphobic whatsoever? Even trans people fucking know they have a biological sex. This is all so ridiculous lol."
38,,,[deleted]
39,,BanksyGuy00018,"Just some minutes later you'll see hundreds of raging lib HP fans dissowning JK and talking trash about their fav franchise.
Maybe now they'll read another book"
40,,Ergative_Absolutive,Goddess bless her.
41,,yesisaiditxx,"I’m so amazed. I wish she’d know that despite all of the people who throw this to the erroneous extreme of, “She hates trans people” and attack her accordingly, there are women out there like me who read that from such a distinguished person and felt that they could breathe a little more easily. I had really believed that no person of her caliber would ever do this— hell, I had even doubted that any were out there who didn’t buy in to the fantasy. Anyone who accuses her of hateful bigotry is living in their fragile imagination. She’s not calling for trans abuse in any way. She is simply speaking up for what she knows as true regarding justice and reality.

People often tell the story of how she started Harry Potter, and I see that same determined woman in this tweet. Congratulations to J.K Rowling for living with integrity."
42,,gencritgenz,the like ratio is also really encouraging! way more likes than any of her recent tweets!!
43,,,Women continue to suffer while men don't. This is not fair and it is not right.
44,,knight_siegmeyer,"BEAUTIFUL. Thank you JK! I've always felt a little honoured to have a signed copy of The Goblet of Fire from her but now it's extra special ngl.

I take back everything I said about the Crimes of Grindlewald being kinda bad. (But not the Cursed Child. I stand by my review of 'pretty show, not nearly as good as the actual books')"
45,,EquivalentApple,"Holy shit I hope JK Tweets about the Scottish GRA reform consultation. The fucking bastards have been trying to sneak it in below the radar like they always do. Coincidentally Wings over Scotland, the biggest Scottish GC Twitter account and the one with the widest reach, got banned the day they announced the consultation."
46,,Tonglentoo,Just got called a terf today over in Twitter for applauding her. 😏
47,,stompbixby,"maybe shes sick of literal hundreds of creeps arguing about 'girldick' in every fucking tweet she makes

it would bother me less if there werent actual tweets from children sandwiched between these fucking girldick tweets

god bless you jkr"
48,,,"The only negative consequence of this are the liberal think pieces that are going to flood youtube on why JK Rowling is cancelled and how “wrong” she is. 😂

_All_ the people I follow who usually stick to pop culture and avoid politics, are going to have something to say about this. I’m tired already."
49,,spoopypigeon,finally
50,,Felix_Dzerjinsky,Holy shit TRA heads will explode.
51,,Fitncurly,I think I’ll go out and buy the entire Harry Potter set just for this 😆.  Yessss!
52,,black_it_out,Hurrah!! I was so miserable this morning - the court ruling was outrageous. I now feel galvanised. Speaking out always makes a difference.
53,,sparklesailor,"She’s in a unique position in that she’s made her fortune and success and is no longer reliant on public opinion. We all know she’s had these opinions for a while but I’m glad she’s finally being open and bold about it. The TRAs can cry and complain if they want, and call for a boycott of one of the world’s biggest and most beloved franchises, and it won’t make the slightest bit of difference."
54,,vitisrotundifolia,"If you listen closely, you can hear thousands peaking at once"
55,,Deleteordecay,"Really appreciate when influential people, especially women stand up to this bullshit. Maybe she can have a word with Emma Watson.

The replies are both sad and comical at the same time.

Edit: remember the outrage over a tweet she liked? She knew she was gonna catch hate for this but did it anyway. Good for her."
56,,,[deleted]
57,,maiarooberts,"Shout out to JK Rowling for taking a stand because this shit has been getting ridiculous. They're engaged and it's currently trending on Twitter. They even have ""JK Rowling is a TERF"" trending. LOL"
58,,Sasasamker,"Such a big deal. I have been trying to battle commenters on that post by explaining what the T-word means, who uses it, why the case was important, why it was so disappointing, why it's outrageous she lost her job, how sex cant change.

The basics really. Same as in real life, gently gently explaining to people why this is harmful to women.

If you arent already, would any of you mind joining in on Twitter and helping us look as reasonable as we are? The TRA's are out in force. Unfortunately for them, they've come out with the gun memes and manga characters and look, frankly, ridiculous."
59,,purrfekt,T\*RF is trending now on Twitter 🙄
60,,whitelilyflower,"Good for her. The replies to her tweet are so pathetic, I can’t believe we’re at a point in time where stating basic facts about biology can get you crucified. Ridiculous."
61,,Lonely_Cartographer,She said how I feel exactly! I don't care if men want to dress like women or even call them women as long as they are not legally recognized as women and i don't get thrown in jail for calling them a man
62,,Aunpasoportucasa,Why is it wrong to understand there is a biological sex? People are completely overreacting. I see a lot of Harry Potter tattoo coverups in the near future.
63,,quack-snack,The number of people apparently reduced to a puddle of tears over this - a statement of biological fact and reality - makes me laugh.
64,,ShootTheMoon03,"Apparently Mark Hamill liked the tweet. I suspect a lot more prominent figures share the same views but don’t want to deal with the Twitter circus and “cancel culture”. Twitter really thinks they are the majority opinion because they start trending topics and try to cancel everyone when it’s really propelled by teenagers and college age kids trying to be woke and regurgitating they same mantras, such as”transwomen are women”, without a clue of what they’re talking about . They can’t even define woman without circular logic or sexist stereotypes"
65,,Far-Air,She is wonderful and knows actual kindness— not TRA-‘kindness’ threatened into her. We need more people like her standing up for women.
66,,ATWTFRK,This is almost too good to be true!
67,,Sasofa,"They're gonna try and cancel her in every way possible.

Too bad cancel culture doesn't exist. I can think of very few people who have been ""cancelled"" on Twitter and had anly longterm negative impact on their career. All she has to do is not address it."
68,,FrenchieFrankenstein,I’m so glad
69,,lefromageetlesvers,"Never read the Harry Potter books, because i was too old when they came out, but i'm all in. I'm teaching philosophy, so maybe i can work her into on my syllabus. Great news!"
70,,purrfekt,"Well! Excuse me, while I cheer (silently at work)! 😍

I'll remember this, when the famous skeptic dudebros come along and appropriate the resistance against TRA. The cowards."
71,,SadMadNomad,"Good for her. I know she's super rich and all, but it takes guts nowadays to speak common sense. She didn't say anything particularly controversial, yet we all know how simply acknowledging biological sex as a reality is considered ""transphobic.""

I enjoyed the Harry Potter books when I was a kid, but I never stuck around too long in the fandom. Every big fandom has its overzealous fans; the petty side of me wonders how libfem HP fans will handle this. Judging by the responses on Twitter, I'm sure they'll be oh so calm and open-minded, unlike evil transphobic JK Rowling...

Seriously though, I can't believe we live in a world where ""sex is real"" needs to be said and is considered offensive. I'm glad someone greatly influential like JK Rowling is speaking out.

Edit: I looked up more responses on Twitter and Tumblr, and I can't feel a smidgen of gleeful pettiness like I thought I could. The viciousness and heartbreak many people are showing is exhausting. Rowling said nothing hateful or prejudiced, yet people are treating her as if she's a supervillain on the levels of Voldemort."
72,,spin_the_globe,"Good for her. Never been a Harry Potter fan, but that may have to change."
73,,tr330fsn4rk,"Some idols never let you down..

This is absolutely wonderful! And she was so classy about it, too."
74,,rezkidsinlove,"Where's that David Tennant 10th Doctor 'GOOD OL' J.K.!!!!!!' gif????

(Also, presumably, The Tenth Doctor knew about all this, considering he's a Time Lord and all. The Doctor is a TERF, confirmed.)

I think I might wear my Gryffindor scarf today in solidarity."
75,,jadedjude,"I hope she stands her fucking ground.

One look at the replies and I wanna gag, I hate these people so fucking much. I'm not a rad fem so I find it ironic they call anyone a terf simply because we hate their bullshit.

I doubt JK is even a TERF, she's just peak trans and I'm glad she had the balls to speak her mind.

\#IStandwithJKR"
76,,Lesbian_Frylock,Finally. Saw this coming from all of her rabid genderkweer fans annoying her constantly. She was gonna crack eventually.
77,,why_cambrio,"Pleasantly surprised at the amount of support in the comments, even if it is intermittently placed in between memes that are LITERALLY calls to violence against ""t\*rfs"""
78,,raddy-set-go,"I've liked her tweet. That doesn't seem at all like a big deal but I'm becoming less afraid. Especially considering women (and some men like @glinner but let's face it mostly women) are actually paying with their livelihoods for stating the truth. It's the least I can do.

Edit: a number of people I know and follow have called J.K. Rowling an ""evil terf"" or something to that effect, saying they stand by ""those she has hurt with her transphobia""... And these are otherwise intelligent seeming people. I've not uttered a word of my own on the matter but I can't help feeling like I need to brace myself for some backlash soon."
79,,medusahisshiss,"I picture her reading the responses, laughing, surrounded by piles of money. I love it."
80,,trw365,"I feel so sorry for Maya that she is having to go through all of this, from her writing she seems to have a very clever and smart point of view about international tax policy, its a pity she isn't still in the job she loved but at the same time I am enjoying the sun shining through the overton window now that people are now discussing how batshit this all is."
81,,Shotgunshine__,"I’ve been a Harry Potter fan since I was 8, and I thought that I couldn’t love her more. She has officially proven me wrong! I’m so glad that she’s using her massive platform to say what the rest of us are thinking."
82,,LeishaCamden,I was SO HAPPY when I saw this on Twitter earlier today. This is a big deal.
83,,DownWithPorn,Well done Rowling! Looks like my country is leading the way in resisting this trans bullshit.
84,,antikvariaatti,I'm proud of her.
85,,brownclown96,Yes!!! Queen Rowling. It is so valuable to have people in her position who cannot be silenced by firing or intimidation to speak out on behalf of women. I’m so happy she’s done this
86,,hobbittoisengard,Things like these shows the true qualities of the trans movement. Ignorance and rudeness.
87,,vierkeervijf,Well done Joanne! The TRAs are going crazy and showing their true nature to an even wider audience now!
88,,arnaq,Fuck yes! Ily JK Rowling! Come visit us at this sub :)
89,,NoctaeBride,What a fucking queen. Unironically.
90,,InASeaOfReality,My favorite part is the trans activists comparing her to characters from her own book
91,,PollyannaPenny,"I'm so glad she finally came out of the Gender Critical closet officially. We need women like Rowling in our corner because not only is she a beloved figure, she's so rich that she doesn't have to worry about her income being slashed or becoming financially destitute as a result of being ""cancelled"". So she can say things that many other women WANT to say but can't because they can't afford to lose their careers and reputations.

&#x200B;

TRAs can call her ""Hitler"" and ""TERF"" all they like. She'll still be collecting those sweet Harry Potter royalty checks!"
92,,astheykissconsume,"""Joanne Andrea,"" I said quietly, ""you were named for two censored feminists. One of them was called a TERF and she was probably the bravest woman I ever knew."""
93,,writerlylesbian,"Hilariously, I remember back in the early 2000s when it was the religious right who were banning Harry Potter books for being full of the devil's work. Now the Left have met them on the other side of the horseshoe and are banning the books too!"
94,,mossmalachite,"In a FB group that’s something like, “liking harry potter isn’t a personality trait” where people post like over the top HP themed weddings and people naming their kids Albus, and they’re absolutely going off about how transphobic it is and all the “AS A WOMAN WITH A PENIS I AM SO SAD TO KNOW I WOULDNT BE ALLOWED AT HOGWARTS” and I had to come here and read logical reactions to regain my sanity"
95,,glitteristheanswer,"Original tweet was awesome and she clearly knows what shes doing! If I didnt work in games and animation I'd retweet with a million confetti horn emojis! Really depressing to see my entire timeline filled with people I look up to in my field or consider intelligent equals saying ""if you're a terf you can go die"" and just repeating ""trans rights are human rights""

No they're fucking not frankly, they're exceptional not standard. Human rights (for women,for minority groups, for disabled people) are rights and protections you CANT CHANGE. If you change your mind on your gender WELL LOOK AT THAT YOU CHANGED AND IT MEANS ITS SOMETHING ABOUT YOUR PERSONALITY THAT ISNT IMMUTABLE. That makes any request for those rights or protections exceptional, a luxury,NOT a requirement"
96,,tgrewy,"A beautiful peak trans end to a decade of madness.
Hi r/all please read links in the sidebar and also visit r/itsafetish or r/actuallynotlesbians for more great content."
97,,LucyWColitisGoesBy,"> Trans folks have an extraordinary high suicide rate... can we just let them have the identity they want please? They're not doing anyone any harm. Leave them alone.

Some of these people are so full of shit it's coming out of their ears. The fact that mentally ill men kill themselves is not our problem. Why the fucking hell should all the women of the world have to agree that a woman is a identity for a mentally ill man to have?

As for not doing any harm that's a laugh. This woman is being fired for stating they're not women. Rowling is being called horrible names for standing at her side. How about they leave us alone?"
98,,milpathecat,I am so happy and just came here to say I love all women of Gender Critical and especially the mods and veterans for doing the hard work for years!!!! You absolute stars!
99,,UterusUnderground,"Honestly, seeing what feels like the entire female nerd establishment coming for Rowling’s neck makes me feel so hopeless. It’s so hard to be reminded that women that I once felt so much kinship with are caught up in this misogynist ideology almost to a fault. I saw Siobhan Thomas tweet that Rowling was a bitch who should retire, and it just broke my heart. Mara Wilson, Noelle Stevenson, Kate Beaton... I know that these women are libfems, they have to be to get anywhere in the nerd establishment, but it’s still disheartening to be reminded of how intolerant and extremist the whole scene has become. Or maybe it always was? I think I finally understand what the gamergaters meant when they said they wanted politics out of nerd media (even if I otherwise think they were a bunch of fools).

I am so glad Christmas is happening and I at least won’t be seeing my irl nerd friends until this has hopefully calmed down a bit, because I’m sure they would talk about it and I just can’t deal with that. I just want to agree to disagree and move on to talking about Godzilla."
100,,OCPEoireitum,"I was raised to think that accusations of thoughtcrime, crimethink, and wrongthink were worse than the blasphemy they sought to punish. FYI I am a man (adult human male) - and suspect that we both read, interpret and take lessons from Orwell in exactly the same way.

That was a very scary judgment.....and the decision, to use a legal term - seems ‘perverse’ indeed."
101,,slushpilot,"From the BBC article:

>""It is a core component of her belief that she will refer to a person  by the sex she considered appropriate even if it violates their dignity  and/or creates an intimidating, hostile, degrading, humiliating or  offensive environment,"" he continued.
>
>""The approach is not worthy of respect in a democratic society.""

So, calling things as you see them is not allowed in a democratic society? Have we no freedom to think as individuals anymore? What makes such a society *democratic,* then?"
102,,BoringDisorder,"People are acting like she said transpeople don't deserve rights or respect. She literally just said that a woman should not lose her job for acknowledging biological sex. You can't change it. Maybe one day that technology will exist, but it doesn't currently. That's like someone saying ""believe what you want, but don't fire someone for saying the earth isn't flat"" and it causing huge outrage. Hard sciences exist and we shouldn't cover our ears and act like theory is more viable.

She probably knew there'd be a lot of backlash and posted the tweet anyways. Proud of her."
103,,Amareldys,Someone rich and famous finally stood up for women! JK Rowling if you read this board... I LOVE YOU!
104,,Amphibiava,"I loved *Harry Potter* so much as a kid and adolescent (and I still have a lot of nostalgia for it now), and JK hasn't let me down 😊"
105,,_ad-meliora_,I'm so proud of her
106,,carpetplaydohx2,GOOD FOR HER!!!!!!!!!!
107,,Nickels4Tickles,The Twitter mob tantrums are so damn funny. Can't wait to piss off the woke crowd just by being a HP character for Halloween next year.
108,,pixipod,"The amount of people losing their shit over someone saying bio sex is real is.....wow. I honestly can't believe this is reality.

Also reading everything going down on twitter, the cult like aspects of transgender ideology are really apparent."
109,,Svetlana_Banana,"My male friend tweeted in support of Maya. A few TRAs attacked him, contacted his employer & he got fired today."
110,,terminista,"Jameela Jamil grows more irritating by the day:

https://i.postimg.cc/dt1jKyms/CF304-E97-0-F25-4335-9748-36783-FF4963-F.jpg

Tying herself in knots trying to be everything to everyone."
111,,Pixilight,She has fuck you money and gives no shits. This is brilliant heh
112,,anchovycupcakes,"I read some tweets, and one of them is like, I grew up reading your books and loved Harry Potter. What have I done to you? Why do you hate me and people like me?

Who the fuck said she hates you? You're just not a woman. FFS.

I knew what it would be like, but the pile on she's experiencing now is just incredible.

Thankfully, she has lots of money and I don't think she gives a fuck."
113,,lnssea,Prepare for a total fucking meltdown. I love it. You fucking go Jo!!
114,,TheOGJammies,"I really fucking love this woman more and more everyday. Let me get my coins together and go buy the Harry Potter box set for people for Christmas, brb."
115,,tireddandelion,fucking incredible. just saw the tweet. followed
116,,NaomiTowns,"The hysterical responses to her tweet are so insane: ""Your books showed me that anyone could be a hero if they were treated with respect and love; today, you betrayed me and destroyed my childhood!"""
117,,cherieblosum,I love JKR. Loved her always!
118,,BoobDoodles,"I love her even more now. And the abuse being hurled at her from TIMs and handmaidens is just strengthening her resolve. Really, the TPAs do the work for us."
119,,JupiterThunderCrash,"This is about the ""they"" male who called a woman the c word for disagreeing with his gender identity right? Fuck TRAs. When they side with people like that they show they don't give a fuck about women. And thank you, JK!"
120,,RockAddict420,I wish we could all pull a Harry Potter weekend as an act of celebration 🎉
121,,exkinksterthrowaway,"Yaaaaaasssss!  She's one of us!


That said, I figured JK was GC, but the Maya Forstater situation must have peaked her enough to actually come out with it."
122,,chinpropped,"I get more and more radical feminist as a pushback to all this shit. I have no problem at all with transgender and fully support them IN THEIR OWN SPACES.
But we women are constantly being asked to make room for those who did not grow up female and who make everything into uterus-havers and pregnant people.
They deserve to have their own space. Women deserve our own space, free of being shut up and shut out by biological men."
123,,goodyusername,AWWWWWYIIIIISSSSSSS
124,,DoubleXcrew,Go you good thing!! Imagine being one of the cabbages who think this makes her a bad person?!
125,,SometimesJacka,"One thing that’s fascinating is watching people not involved in these ideologies tip-toe around the drama.

So many people being like “*obviously* this isn’t about saying you can change your sex. *Obviously* you can’t *actually* change your sex. This is about gender and *identity*.“

These people about be cancelled and they won’t know what hit them.

People jumping on the hate bandwagon, because they assume the backlash has to be something more than just “males cannot become females *literally*”."
126,,ZombieSazza,"In Scotland the number 3 trending hashtag is “trans rights are human rights”, number 5 being “I Stand With Maya Forstater”.

So twitter is at war of trans folk losing their shit and shouting “trans rights are human rights”, gender critical folk pointing out “but women’s rights aren’t trans rights”, lots of threats towards Rowling, lots of folk speaking out in favour of Rowling including gender critical Scottish MP Joan McAlpine and Blair White, and several trans folk supporting Rowling as well (sadly being drowned out), basically a bit of a war zone.

Vast majority of Scottish folk I’ve seen online support what Rowling has said.

Maya Lost her job for being gender critical, and folk are trying to claim she was horrible etc, but she was calm, makes sense, is defending women’s rights, and trans folk are screaming over the top of everyone, including Amnesty International,


[her judgment](https://drive.google.com/file/d/12P9zf82TicPs2cCxlTnm0TrNFDD8Gaz5/view) (google drive link, has a PDF of all the legal papers)"
127,,CallaAETHIOPICA,Fuck yes!
128,,Asto_Vidatu,"Posting this from another sub because apparently actual biological facts are also offensive now and I was instantly banned for it (though I guess I'm not surprised since it was on a sub called ""TRRRRAAAANNNNSSSSS"", but seriously and honestly can someone actually explain where I'm wrong here with actual logic?

>Why should she even apologize? What she said was 100% fact. Lopping off your manhood or attaching one to yourself doesn't magically change your DNA. You still have the same XX or XY chromosomes and are still biologically whatever gender you were born as.

>Regardless of what anyone believes, if a trans woman who was a man leaves behind blood at a crime scene, and that blood is tested, the police will be looking for a male, simple as that. No amount of surgery is going to change that."
129,,greenappletw,Good for her. She's seeing the truth and not afraid to speak up.
130,,gendercritchick,"Very proud of JK Rowling for taking what should be considered a normal stance but in today’s world, is controversial. The crazies can keep crying on Twitter. There are more people that support her than dont."
131,,SuspiciousNebula,I would just like to toss in my two cents and say that sex is obviously real and the controversy is silly. OK bye.
132,,lessabe,"This is great since they’re typically all obsessed with Harry Potter (well, second next to anime) and having to be reminded by having their rooms in their parents house decked in HP stuff (I think there’s a correlation between trying to live in a fantasy world and many of the T) that not everyone agrees with their BS is good. It’s also interesting given the old arguments that sex and gender are different and Maya had just said that men can’t change their SEX nothing even gender related and they’re losing their minds 🤣"
133,,Iced_iced_vovo,Influx of new peak trans posts from this event in 3...2...1...
134,,BeeLikesSmellyFlower,I've had a silly grin on my face all day. This is wonderful! So many people will peak because of this and at the end of the day you can't change reality! Biology is real my dudes!
135,,neitherdeathnorpain,I wonder if she’ll keep doing this - maybe make a vaguely gc tweet every couple of weeks and watch everyone lose their shit. I’d have fun with that
136,,kittenoftheeast,Damn straight.
137,,queencaterpillar,Ahahahahahha wooo! Go JK!
138,,LadySparklz,Woohoo! No more Hogwarts stripey socks!!
139,,,JK Rowling is powerful. She used her influence to speak out against injustice and she is unafraid of the backlash. Good for her.
140,,GenderMuffin,"I love her. Honestly, I wonder if her recent turn towards politics and increasingly controversial and radical stances is in any way a reaction to getting fucked over by Brexit, after advocating for union on indyref1. Maybe she took it as a wakeup call that ""politics as usual"" isn't so usual anymore."
141,,Justspeaking2u,Good for her!
142,,littlecandyapple,"
HELL YES"
143,,kylorenshirtless,Who else thinks Jo lurks this sub?
144,,GCMadamXX,I’m wearing my HP T-shirt with pride today.
145,,Congolesegirl,I love JK even more now
146,,THE_FINAL_PAM_,Oh lawd she serious
147,,GCMadamXX,I’m so happy! What a brilliant woman!
148,,RadFriends,Wow I always thought she was an annoying libfem. Very glad to hear that a woman as famous as she is actually a radfem. Or at least a gender critical fem.
149,,honeyhoney242,"This is the woman who wrote Harry Potter. Has it seriously not occurred to any of them that maybe she has a point?

Side note, I'm really happy she did this. I grew up obsessed with Harry Potter and this proves she stands by her morals, not running and hiding from bullies."
150,,neitherdeathnorpain,"Woohoo! If you have a twitter, remember to go over there and write a message of support! I made one just to do that...and I'll delete it tomorrow."
151,,EugeniaAlabaster,This tweet makes me so damn happy y'all. So happy.
152,,Allnazismustsie,How are people mad about a basic fact?  No man will ever have a baby.  Noman will ever become a what man.
153,,Caranda23,What great news to wake up to.
154,,wrondo,JK Rowling isn't perfect but she stands up for what she believes in despite the people who will demonize her. And that is what makes her great.
155,,Bcbp10,"I would just like to remind people that the first reply to Rowling's tweet, Eugene Gu, is a narcissistic, abusive prick. Welcome to politics in 2019."
156,,RadfemXX__,👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
157,,nosynobody,I was also glad to hear it
158,,team_sita,Good for her! Happy to support both of these amazing women.
159,,neitherdeathnorpain,Wow nearly 400 comments!
160,,himecut,"""""""""woke progressives"""""""""": gender and sex are different!!!!

also """"""""""woke progressives"""""""""""""": gender and sex are the same, I can be whatever I want!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111"
161,,babbyfem,Finally grew a spine. Proud of her.
162,,devosdas,"I forgive her for the whole ""wizards shit in their pants"" thing."
163,,compthrow8888,"Is it really about whether sex is real or not? I thought the whole point of trans is that sex is different from gender. That you can be any gender, regardless of what your sex is...? So what's the problem with this?"
164,,kylorenshirtless,Good on her.
165,,ruleskaard,lol maybe i'll read harry potter now
166,,edens_demons,"I feel like everyone knew she felt this way, but Im glad she’s finally being honest and direct."
167,,katakanbr,Based Rowling
168,,donteatmee3333,"I’m so proud of her! THIS is stunning and brave!

I tried not to read the replies because I don’t want to raise my blood pressure but it’s “funny” how they can act morally superior and tell a woman to “suck my dick” in the same breath.  I also wonder how many times Tumblr exploded today. It seems like these people are overly invested in Harry Potter."
169,,theNomad2018,"I was so happy to see this tweet. It pretty much embodies my reaction to reading about the decision and how I feel in general.

I don't understand how there are people saying that she's being a transphobe, though. And confusing gender with sex. And saying she's standing with ""people who hate them"". All because she doesn't support someone losing her job because the person stated that sex is real."
170,,vitev009,I came here from sorting by rising on r/all. I don't understand what all this is. Can someone explain?
171,,Boingo0220,Yay! Good on her.
172,,AutoModerator,"Welcome to Reddit's most active feminist community! This is a [women-centered, radical feminist subreddit](https://redd.it/934i4y) to discuss gender from a critical, feminist perspective. [If you’re new to gender critical feminism, please familiarize yourself with some of these resources](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/resources#wiki_great_resources_for_people_new_to_gender_critical_feminism).

Please follow [the rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules) and consider if your submission is appropriate for this sub or if it should be posted to a [sister subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/sistersubreddits). See our [dictionary of common terms](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/dictionary) if you’re unfamiliar with lingo.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GenderCritical) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
173,,JudgmentDay_2019NOV1,"And the fact that every SINGLE Western media outlet has like 10 stories specifically about this.... a TWEET!! And most of them have an obviously biased tone of condemnation against Rowling.

Yet when you have stories like kids trying to de-transition, or parents losing custody of kids because they don't agree with genital mutilation... silence. Not a goddamn single story about any of that stuff in the centrist/leftwing media and we are forced to go on right wing sites or foreign sites to even find out about it."
174,,Environmental_East,"One of the replies in the Twitter thread really gets me.

""That's a straw man of a complex argument, and as such more divisive than useful.  Trans folks have an extraordinary high suicide rate... can we just let them have the identity they want please? They're not doing anyone any harm. Leave them alone.""

&#x200B;

Translation: Give them what they want so they don't kill themselves.

&#x200B;

Isn't threatening suicide to get what you want textbook manipulation?"
175,,bendercritical,"Her twitter thread has a positively all-star cast. Wife beater and failed doctor Eugene Gu, creepy male feminist Charles ""Charlotte"" Clymer, the straight woman 'lesbian' Amanda Knox, doughy TIM Avery Edison, and so much more. So many unique people from different walks of life, all coming together to have a public meltdown because J.K. Rowling knows that sex is real and immutable."
176,,jadedjude,BuT SE x iSn'T bLACk anD WhiTe anD mEn Can hAVe xx and FemALEs caN HAVE XXyyZ and the BRAIN IS BIOLOGICAL AHHHHHHHHHHHH
177,,nobodysbuddyboy,">Who the fuck are these people? How do they manage to function in the real world?

They don't."
178,,raddy-set-go,">Christ... the kind of shit people are replying you'd think she'd murdered an entire nursery of disabled kids or something.

In their view she did something far worse.

She failed to validate some people."
179,,sparklesailor,"We can couch our explanations in as gentle terms as is possible, and TRAs will still scream at us for being violent transphobes who want them dead."
180,,Carthimundia,"My favourite bat shit crazy tweet was: ""she's been a bigot for a while, you can see it in her books. The goblins at Gringott's bank are clearly just an anti semitic trope."" I'm absolutely loving people raking through children's books published years ago to find evidence that the author is evil."
181,,BasieSkanks,"I’m shocked at the number of people who are acting like she’s retrospectively destroyed their childhood. I grew up reading the Alex Rider and Diamond Brother Series by Anthony Horowitz. They’re still my favourite teen books today, even though Horowitz has made some questionable remarks about having a black James Bond. I can separate his personal politics from his books, and I’ll never forget how excited I would get when his latest release was available in my local library. They have the mind of a child, honestly."
182,,GCMadamXX,Trans kids WOULDN’T be allowed at Hogwarts. The stairs to the girls’ dorms turn into slides if boys try to use them.
183,,,I _adore_ Kathleen Stock and am an avid follower of her works. The fact that Rowling used her hashtag was the most exciting part for me!
184,,female_solidarity,Oh that’s awesome! I didn’t catch that. I <3 Stock.
185,,,It's my favorite non sequitur: stating that men cannot become women or vice versa means that you're literally denying the existence of trans people.
186,,PollyannaPenny,"> It's like having someone refuse to convert to your religion and claiming that they want you dead because of it.

*""I don't believe that Jesus Christ is my personal Lord and Savior. But I support your right to believe it.""*

*""OMG STOP HOLOCAUSTING THE CHRISTIANS YOU GENOCIDAL MANIAC!!!!""*

&#x200B;

At this point, I don't understand how anyone can see the mainstream transgender/queer movement as anything other than a fanatical religious cult."
187,,loweryourgays,">It's like having someone refuse to convert to your religion and claiming that they want you dead because of it.

That's exactly what it is. It's not enough to say people have the right to their faith, and everyone should live in peace and security. You have to 100% believe the TWAW dogma, or at least pretend to. Or else you're a dangereous bigot."
188,,immersang,"I’m currently trying to decide what I find more ridiculous:

This reaction...or Republicans comparing the impeachment proceedings against Trump with Jesus being nailed to the cross.

I think we have a tie."
189,,jelliknight,She didn't even openly oppose their ideology. She just said that opposing their ideology shouldn't be a reason to fire someone.
190,,pynkecho,"I'm seeing people *literally*, without exaggeration compare Rowling's tweet to the KKK. And no, they aren't trolls. You can't make this shit up."
191,,adiostoreadoormat,These grown ass people legitimately struggle with object permanence
192,,Far-Air,">It's like having someone refuse to convert to your religion and claiming that they want you dead because of it.

perfect!"
193,,heartwitch,"""Charity"" in the British sense, i.e. non-profit. Her job was to research tax evasion."
194,,Nibbana0,A whole lot of people would rather disengage from this crap if they have the means and she probably made the decision to fight it back hard as she can and bail if young people are this stupid.
195,,squidgy_lemons,"Idk, I feel like it’s been popular to hate on JKR as a show of wokeness for a while now. I don’t think anyone who wasn’t already on board the JKR Sucks train is going to care much. Her statement was completely reasonable to anyone who hasn’t drunk the TRA flavoraid. If anything, I think the vitriol fired at her for such a benign statement will show people how insidious trans ideology is."
196,,AnyGirlInSydney,She’s taking a leaf out of Harry Potter’s book
197,,BasieSkanks,"I think Rowling knew the reaction she would get, based off previous posts she’s made. I don’t think she would have said anytbing at all if she was going to backtrack later."
198,,EiusdemGeneris,"Rowling isn't even saying that *she* disagrees with the TRAs: she's literally just saying that she thinks people should be *allowed* to disagree with them. And apparently, we're not even allowed to think that."
199,,TessKaos,"It has allowed me to find a bunch of people to mute on twitter though.  I mute people who use the word terf. I mean, I'd mute them if they called her a fucking b#%#h and it's the same sentiment (edited for slur)."
200,,PoorPlainObscure,"~~Totalitarism~~ **Totalitarianism** (forgive me, I'm not a native english-speaker)"
201,,LetsEffTheIneffable,If you don't agree that 2+2=5 you will be sent for reeducation.
202,,bendercritical,Not participating in their life-long roleplay is *literal genocide*!
203,,restlessyears,"Welcome to the realm of sanity. You are welcomed, listened to, and supported here."
204,,BoringDisorder,You are welcome here. I'm very worried that it will become more difficult for women to seek safety from violent households if we continue along with this idea that identifying as a woman is the same thing as being one. Women need our own spaces. This idea that identifying biological sex is some great evil that must be squashed is a huge threat to important female only spaces.
205,,4eyedPurplePPLeater,WELCOME SISTER you are now home with those of us here that get it. ☺
206,,CommuteSleepRepeat,"Welcome; this really is the only place I feel I can say what I think. I agree with every word J.K. Rowling wrote.  I too don’t care who has consenting sex with whom or what clothes they wear. I tell my teenage kids the same thing, so I’m certainly as a parent stressing “Love who you want to; no judgment.” But when they try to diminish what we have gone through with 30 years of monthly bleeding, pregnancy and childbirth, menopause — and that’s just the physical stuff, no mention of being afraid to do trail runs alone, etc. — well, that’s when I lose my patience."
207,,milpathecat,"Welcome, sister."
208,,raddy-set-go,">Ok today is the day. I've fucking peaked. Reading through the comments to her tweet has well and truly stuck the knife in.

Same. I didn't think it was possible to peak so many times in a single lifetime, let alone over the past few months, but here we are."
209,,DowntownOrenge,I bet she's reading this by the way
210,,YoungModern,"> She might be filthy rich now but once upon a time she was the kind of woman who spent time in women's shelters.

I’m certain that this right here explains why she diverges from the Woke^TM neoliberal worldview on this specific point but converges with them on pretty much every other point."
211,,PollyannaPenny,"Exactly! All the libfems who play cheerleader for TiMs are middle to upper class women who have NEVER had to fear homelessness nor had to worry about what would happen if they were forced to be searched by a ""Lady Cop"" who is actually a male in a wig. They've also never had to fear that their one shot at a college scholarship would be stolen because a dude took their slot on the high school track team.

&#x200B;

It's easy to campaign for a policy when you have the money and privilege to insulate yourself from the consequences of said policy"
212,,NyroLabelle,I totally agree. She has lived part of her adult life in poverty so she is incapable of buying into these ridiculous luxury beliefs. She knows what's at stake because she's actually lived it. Great point!
213,,remquarqk,"I know, people are saying JK is advocating for the bullying of trans people. It's crazy how they twist her words. These commentators need to go to a Logic 101 class to learn how to argue against the words that are actually written, not some imaginary phrase they think goes along with it."
214,,such_rad,"Another thing stolen from women. It was originally ""Women's rights are human rights""."
215,,ayyyvocado,"> *as if JKR is advocating for the hunt of trans people for sport.*

Exactly! This is just manipulative hyperbole meant to shut down debate. No one is threatening them, yet if you say, *""sex is a biological reality, on the basis of which women are oppressed""*, all they say is, *""omg you're all so hateful and violent, trans rights are human rights”.* There is no in-between for these people, if you don't agree with them, then you're transphobic."
216,,truenorth195,"> “trans rights are human rights”

This phrase has always confused me. What rights are they talking about? The right to assembly? Right to enter/leave their country? Right to not undergo unreasonable search or seizure? Cuz I'm pretty sure they have all of those.

There is no 'right' to protect men in heels and dresses from weird looks..."
217,,terf_fret,"Had a TRA in my replies the other week telling me women who disagreed with him should be hunted for sport, then acted all offended when called on it."
218,,PollyannaPenny,"> They love posting that photo of Emma Watson wearing the “trans rights are human rights”shirt, as if JKR is advocating for the hunt of trans people for sport.

In the minds of TRA's, there is no middle ground or room for debate. You must either swallow 110% of their dogma (including letting them in the bathroom with you and letting them castrate kids), or you're a NAZI who wants to round up all trans people and shove them into a giant gas chamber"
219,,Sugar_13,"If transphobia literally kills trans people, the undertakers must be working overtime today."
220,,raddy-set-go,">People are losing their damn minds in the replies.

People are getting four-figure likes for pithy contributions such as ""stfu terf"", and all that goddamn animé..."
221,,dottiethecat,LOL. If I were JK I'd be laugh-crying into my millions.
222,,flapyourwings,TRAs making more work for low wage workers? It's more likely than you think!
223,,RealMapelFlavour,My ultra-christian coworker won't allow her kids to read them either.  There's another thing they have in common with the far right.
224,,PoorPlainObscure,">went to local libraries and hid Rowling's books so patrons couldn't find them

That is just an inch away from burning books in the streets like actual bloody nazis."
225,,NoStreaks,"Did they do it because JK followed Magdalen Berns, or was there something else that she did?"
226,,chungkingxbricks,Funny how my conservative parents wouldn’t let me read her books as a kid because they were about “witchcraft.”  Funny also how they don’t seem to feel that way anymore.
227,,gardenmoonwitch,Their kids are going to hate them.
228,,black_it_out,"I went to the book store today and rolled my eyes at all the shitty libfem texts available. While I internally mourned the fact that people will read and be influenced by those garbage books, I didn’t attempt to prevent anyone from reading them. How scared do you have to be of an idea to prevent someone from making contact with something associated with it (not even with the idea itself!)?"
229,,jadedjude,How do you find people in real life who think this way!? I must live in a very hick town because I doubt 99% of the population here in the real world knows what a TERF even is or care LOL.
230,,PlayLysistrataRules,How ridiculous. Perhaps they could also have an annual book burning in their garden - go the whole authoritarian hog.
231,,FlyinBananaPhone,Lol back in my day people refused to let their kids read them because they thought it was full of satanic spells. Funny how times change
232,,kittenoftheeast,I guess her books aren't being read out at Drag Queen Story Hour then?
233,,jetpatch,Please report all such tweets as inciting violence. Twitter will take those reports seriously. It's basically a death threat dressed up.
234,,raddy-set-go,"One particularly mindblowing tweet which showed up in my feed said something like ""an author's first duty is to make their readers feel safe.""

I'd always thought that an author's first duty is to open the reader's mind and imagination to other worlds (which at times indeed will make readers feel just a little unsafe) and to encourage them to see things from others' perspective, or at the very least just to tell a good story, but hey maybe all this time I was wrong 🤷‍♀️"
235,,Jo_in_TN,"Martina just tweeted about this, as well!"
236,,truenorth195,"This is great, coming from a massive celebrity and someone who's well-liked by the Left.
As much as TRAs like to believe GCs are a shrinking minority, this makes it obvious that the social tide is shifting - and not in their favour.

I notice it more now - colleages/friends/family of mine don't *want* to talk about this stuff because it's so easy to be labelled as -phobic, but when they do - they're as stunned as we are at this craziness."
237,,Ergative_Absolutive,"*ovaries

Ovaries of steel.

And she's going to need them; she's dipped her toes in the terven water before, so I'm sure she has a sense of the stakes, but I hope she's able to stand up to the avalanche of frothing vitriol and sniveling guilt-tripping that's coming her way."
238,,Ching___Shih,"And she still had to preface the criticism with a bunch of qualifiers.  If you just say ""sex is real"" they treat it like you are hanging up ""its ok to be white"" signs.  The trolls are winning."
239,,drew0594,"Exactly this. It's almost 2020, I am a med student that would like to do scientific research and today I learned I'm not allowed to say we can't change our set of chromosomes. How unreal is this? It's a bit scary."
240,,MrMojoRiseman,*sorts by controversial*
241,,,"People are trying to make issues out of nothing. It's all an oppression olympics that lots of people try to play up.

Jk Rowling has a completely rational stance, and it's not like she's an actual jerk who wants to make people's lives harder for no reason."
242,,2or3thingsIknow,I believe that if trans males (it is usually males) could get away with beating and murdering women they would do it in a heartbeat. Psychotic.
243,,montanagraey,"Here’s what gets me: if trans are such a tiny minority, then the people who are commenting under her tweet are mostly just woke folx and not actually trans themselves!"
244,,BasieSkanks,The asylum just called asking for their lunatics back.
245,,Sugar_13,"I have been reading the comments and it is horrifying how vicious they are. It is indeed misogyny - completely undisguised misogyny - to call women garbage, to say we don't deserve rights, and of course, to express the desire to punch us. These people actually consider themselves virtuous for wanting to punch women."
246,,pixipod,"I think its mainly narcissistic rage/injury. What JK said was just common sense, a sentiment shared by most people, but they always have to present themselves as the victims so that their other behaviours such as intimidation, threads of violence, actual violence is justified by their enablers (or allies as they are commonly known)"
247,,burntmatchesburn3x,This is especially hilarious to me because I know at least two genderspecials who had Harry Potter themed weddings. LOL
248,,Feminazcabooby,"For real.

May as well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb."
249,,crikeyuhoh,Well I hope that will now get the attention it deserves!
250,,godherselfhasenemies,"Daaayum seriously, you got a source on that? I looked and couldn't find anything and have read a few articles about this."
251,,RealMapelFlavour,">How can ANYONE with a functioning brain stem argue with that?

*""Exactly the point. Fudge isn't in  his right mind. It's been twisted and warped by fear. Now fear makes  people do terrible things, Harry. The last time Voldemort gained power  he almost destroyed everything we hold most dear. Now he's returned, and  I'm afraid the Minister will do almost anything to avoid facing that  terrifying truth.""*"
252,,gparmesan,"they started trashing her long ago just for *liking* GC tweets, so I hope she’s out of fucks to give"
253,,,[deleted]
254,,2or3thingsIknow,The harder these crazy men push the worse the pushback. They had better hold out on a world destroying women because if we ever get our rights back these men will be on the short stick of the bullshit they have been throwing at us (minus the rape and death threats).
255,,tr330fsn4rk,love love
256,,donteatmee3333,I miss her.
257,,Lemonade_Masquerade,"1999: ""JK Rowling is a witch... burn the books!""
2019: ""JK Rowling is a ~~witch~~ TERF... butn the books!""

Time really does move in circles"
258,,godherselfhasenemies,Words that specifically encourage their right to live however they like!!
259,,yesisaiditxx,"Yes there shall be many “What’s a TERF?” moments which lead to

1) “Evil, stupid women who want to murder trans people! Hang them all!” (Although I’ve never encountered a single call for trans violence, rejection of them as human beings, or even claims that they can’t, as Rowling said, have whatever “expression” and sexual orientation they’d like).

2) “Women out there making sense and saying what I never knew I could say or knew how to say”

Number 2s, we welcome you.  Hell number 1s are welcome to hang out as well and discover they’re incorrect about us (if they’re capable of understanding the GC perspective)."
260,,LucyWColitisGoesBy,They're busy calling her a cunt. They're all supposedly women and yet they hurl the most sexist insults ever.
261,,BasieSkanks,Rowling will dry her tears with her millions in her Scottish mansion. She doesn’t need to prove anything to anyone.
262,,spider_party,"No, they'll just declare that Harry Potter no longer belongs to JK and that all the characters are actually trans, so there! I've seen it happen before when a fandom doesn't like something the creator has done. They just decide they own it now and their narrative is the only one that matters. Now why does that sound familiar...."
263,,sierramike76,"I’ve already seen some of them disown her for just liking gender critical tweets or supporting other women last year.

I’m sure she’s so upset by these people with the cognitive dissonance of a toddler."
264,,,I guess my libfem sister won’t like the Ravenclaw pajamas I got her for Christmas! 😂
265,,noliflere,Lol this makes me want to go buy some more HP merch.
266,,Ohhiohyo,Lol I was just thinking how two of the things they never shut up about HP and the trans are now in conflict.
267,,tr330fsn4rk,I’m of the opinion that the Fantastic Beasts movies are well-written fan fictions (and the actors are superb!!). Cursed Child is blasphemy.
268,,restlessyears,Hopefully they’ll peak some people then. The fact that she is getting backlash for saying that sex is real is ludicrous and normal people understand this.
269,,shamelessqueenobserv,That’s exactly what I did as soon as I saw the tweet. Can’t wait to re-read the series over Christmas break!
270,,tr330fsn4rk,This gives me a reason to get some of the new covers... hm...
271,,godherselfhasenemies,My kiddo definitely needs the entire illustrated collection ASAP
272,,FTThrowAway123,"My son's about the right age for the HP series and has been asking me to get them for Christmas. I was going to get him the first 1 and see if he liked it before buying more, but now I'll be buying the whole collection, today."
273,,jetpatch,"Then people see that, google ""what is a terf?"" and peak themselves."
274,,godherselfhasenemies,"Good, it leads people here."
275,,_anon_throwaway_,"it's insane and shows that these trans women are not women. Women have WAY more resolve, given the fact that we've had to deal with ACTUAL violence in our century long attempt to gain rights. Not this you-hurt-my-feelings violence everyone is claiming.

but to be fear, a lot of libfem women are crying too so..."
276,,hesitantlurker,Seems Stephen King did as well... interesting
277,,GCMadamXX,“Cancel culture’s” bigger impact is that it silenced those afraid of being cancelled. If I spoke out about this my career would be over. OVER. People get cancelled in my business all the time for less. It’s very real.
278,,EquivalentApple,🤨This all started with a woman who got fired for saying biological sex is immutable.
279,,terf_fret,Cancel culture doesn't affect rich men. If affects women of all backgrounds.
280,,knight_siegmeyer,"Oh gosh. If you do, please share. I'd love to here some critical thoughts on the philosophy of HP.

I hope you enjoy them, though!"
281,,TessKaos,"I read them in my 20s. There is a lot there for adults, especially if you're interested in mythology, history or language (the spells and people's names are linguistic fun)."
282,,kittenoftheeast,"I've never read them either, but tempted to go buy the Galbraith ones just to support JK today."
283,,Sasasamker,"She’s super rich now, but she was a single mother on benefits and has used women’s shelters in the past. So I think she’s quite a good example of who should have a say in this discussion."
284,,womenopausal,"Oddly enough, that particular episode was written by the Who writer who got his chapter canned from a book, because another writer in the collection said he was transphobic. The cancelled guy had a welsh name, was gay, more libertarian than radfem and had tweeted some GC ideas. I'm sure I posted it in r/cance11ed if you need the details."
285,,tr330fsn4rk,"I retweeted it. I don’t have many followers, but the least I can do is boost her retweet numbers w positive messages."
286,,TessKaos,"It's weird. It was a big step for me to like GC tweets. At first I just followed. Then I liked. Then I unfollowed anyone with pronouns in their bio, or anti-reality in their tweets. Then I muted people for that kind if anti-reality stuff. Maybe one day I will be brave enough to retweet."
287,,kittenoftheeast,"Not to mention one of the players in this case is a total misogynistic creep, beardo who identifies as ""non-binary"" and got sacked for calling women c\*nts."
288,,FlyinBananaPhone,"Calling her Delores Umbridge and her whose the group demanding we not say certain words and speak a certain way?

Do we just whisper Voldemort and run away?"
289,,BasieSkanks,Not surprised they don’t seem to know the difference between fact and fiction. Just look at the amount of shit they spew.
290,,vitisrotundifolia,and r/thisneverhappens
291,,wrondo,Well mentally ill men should get all the help they need but they aren't women that's all
292,,crikeyuhoh,"Even if the technology existed, biological sex would \*still\* exist. They can't cope with this very fundamental fact of life, and that is something they need a different kind of help with. I've reached a point I no longer believe the kind or compassionate thing to do is humor it in any way, it only exacerbates dysphoria (where it does exist), and emboldens the predatory types, putting everyone at risk."
293,,tr330fsn4rk,She’s certainly made up for herero-fying Albus in FBAWTFT
294,,BasieSkanks,"Jameela Jamil is a self-righteous fool. More women have died at the hands of transwomen than the other way round, yet they’re the group that needs protecting? She can fuck right off with her woke politics."
295,,Far-Air,"They're trying to suicide threat her into obeying. Typical abusive ""I'm not abusing you"" tactic."
296,,clothesoverbros,The responses are so hysterical. These people are really reaching and twisting her words.
297,,loweryourgays,"The only thing you're wrong about is that they don't lop off the penis, they turn it inside out. But yea you are correct. That's why you got banned, it makes them feel uncomfortable to see what they know deep down is the truth."
298,,tr330fsn4rk,"Hallelujah, we can finally hoard all the merch for ourselves."
299,,Qu33nW3ird0,"A while back after she followed GC people on twitter but said nothing else, I suspected she lurked, or had an alt account. Now, anything goes! Hi Jo! We adore you."
300,,Iced_iced_vovo,Agreed They SHOULDN'T be flipping out over what she tweeted
301,,Veneficca,"Saying sex and gender are different was just the trans movement's Trojan horse. Now that they have power, they're trying to erase sex altogether and install gender on the throne - see locker rooms, sports, sexual orientation. Everywhere where biological sex was considered the defining factor is now being harnessed to gender."
302,,Ergative_Absolutive,"In the UK, a woman who tweeted that biological sex could not be changed was fired by her employer. (Note that she wasn't accused of not using trans people's prefered names or pronouns, and in fact explicitly said that she would do so out of courtesy; it was simply her stated position that men are male, women are female, and the pretense that one can become the other is nothing more than a legal fiction.) Yesterday, a UK court upheld this woman's firing, claiming that her statement that people could not change sex was incoherent and incompatible with a democratic society. JKR is coming out in support of the fired woman, and by extension the many UK feminists who question the wisdom of overwriting sex with gender identity in UK law."
303,,pixipod,">And the fact that every SINGLE Western media outlet has like 10 stories specifically about this.... a TWEET!! And most of them have an obviously biased tone of condemnation against Rowling.

And yet I don't think a single one of the same news outlets could be arsed reporting on the  lesbian couple and their son who was murdered by a TIM prominent in the closure of Mitchfest. Another thing that never happened I guess."
304,,headmisteadress,"I've seen a grand total of one place where everyone in the replies isn't completely insane, and it's a shock because that was the LAST place I would've thought would have people saying biological sex isn't the same as gender and Maya Forstater shouldn't have been fired."
305,,RetlaOge,"I've heard that specifically described as emotional blackmail.

Somehow the solution there isn't to get them proper help, oh no, it's to totally abandon all logic in favour of pandering to their delusion.

What makes them suicidal? Is it really just because some people don't want to adhere to their fantasy; or is it the fact that they're trying so hard to accomplish the impossible, fighting against reality itself to keep that fantasy alive in the first place?"
306,,IwantyoualltoBEDAVE,Yes and it’s the exact same manipulation used by misogynists! Who would have guessed!
307,,katakanbr,Even after Transition these people are not okay
308,,Iberianlynx,Off topic but at first I was confused when put Amanda Knox. I thought you were referencing the Amanda from the murder trials.
309,,raddy-set-go,"Some even higher profile people, like those who are famous for more than their gender status, have started jumping on board. It's depressing."
310,,MrMojoRiseman,"At least the like ratio gives me hope that we won't be seen as ""the wrong side of history."" I think the TRA's have fewer allies than they realize (even tho I hate that term, it's not like the trans community is being denied their basic rights as citizens)"
311,,happypartytraiin,"outrage culture sucks because it looks like these people don't even read into what JK rowling really said:

>Live your best life in peace and security

is the same as wanting trans people to be unsafe???? lmao ok then. TRAs sound like dogmatic religions who think *not believing in god = hell*"
312,,essentialismisBS,"And make threats of physical and sexual violence against us, which are somehow OK."
313,,MrMojoRiseman,"Lmao seriously? I'm Jewish and never once assumed that from reading the books multiple times, that's hilarious!"
314,,kissojenkissa,"Is it just me, or it seems antisemitic of THEM to instantly  associate greedy bankers with Jews?"
315,,Deleteordecay,I’m guessing these people have never read a Stephen King book.
316,,JollyPurple,"It's like these people never look up fantasy and folklore references. Goblins have existed in folklore in Europe since the early 1100's at least, and have always been known to steal and horde money and jewels.  Anyone that says that the Gringotts goblins are Jewish tropes are outing themselves as antisemetic."
317,,GenderMuffin,As if most of that kind of left aren't massive anti-semites themselves.
318,,FlawlessWallace,"If you carry a hammer around long enough, everything starts to look like a nail. Scraping literature for all the evils, and manufacturing it where it isn't present, this is the new paradigm for evaluating fiction."
319,,therealsmokyjoewood,"Ok to be fair people have been drawing the goblin - Jew comparisons for years. I’m Jewish, and upon first reading the books as a kid thought it was funny how many Jewish stereotypes the goblins embodied; greed, small-stature, cleverness, long noses,financial wiles, insularity, etc. Tho I don’t think JKR is anti-Semitic by any means, I do think she very likely drew on a certain trope without consciously recognizing that such a trope was historically assigned to Jews...and she probably should have been a bit more careful not to do that lol

Still a huge fan of hers tho of course"
320,,GCEagle,"Chris Brown beat Rihanna until she almost died and most of his fans still support him and downplay the crime.

JK shares what is a common opinion in real life the left is happy to abandon her in order to appease trans extremists.

(Edit: I know it's not the same and you can criticize opinions, but damn if men don't get away with actual awful shit all the time and women are expected to shut up even when it comes to our own existence.)"
321,,Far-Air,"While I agree, I don't see the point of the discussion going there since JK Rowling didn't do anything actually wrong. She doesn't think sex can actually be changed-- aka, she subscribes to reality."
322,,PollyannaPenny,">I’m shocked at the number of people who are acting like she’s retrospectively destroyed their childhood. I grew up reading the Alex Rider and Diamond Brother Series by Anthony Horowitz. They’re still my favourite teen books today, even though Horowitz has made some questionable remarks about having a black James Bond

The woke activists try to push for cancelling EVERYTHING a person has ever done if they say anything even vaguely ""problematic"". And they seem to think that, if you can look past the author's questionable statements and just enjoy their art, you are somehow agreeing with and/or validating everything they have ever said or done."
323,,Deathofaflourist,It’s because she’s a women. Men can get away with not being woke
324,,TessKaos,"Well, maybe they would...they would just be housed with their appropriate sex, not gender. Because I'm pretty sure the staircases were bespelled to prevent teen pregnancy, not hurt feelings."
325,,FTThrowAway123,Lmao this is a great point. Someone needs to tweet this back to these lunatics.
326,,,[deleted]
327,,modernmedusaa,so she'd already be disliked by the male medical investors trying to make a buck out of naive teenagers....lol makes sense it had to be her
328,,fuckincaillou,I just want to say that your username is adorable!
329,,fuckincaillou,"*ahem* Technically Neville Longbottom's, but I am in full agreement"
330,,truenorth195,"Yeah, she won't. She's awesome. Successful, talented female writer who won't 'trans' any of her characters.

So, TRAs can either... a) renounce her, her books (and half their childhood), or b) admit she has a point :)"
331,,Sugar_13,Question to Harry Potter fans: Do you think the TRAs will actually boycott her books and movies if she doesn't cave in and apologize?
332,,JL-Picard,There are four lights!
333,,OmnibusToken,We love you JKR! And a bazillion thank-you’s!
334,,female_solidarity,"Thanks so much for standing up for women everywhere, JK Rowling. <3 Stunning and brave, indeed. Those trolls are using the new “progressive” form of the “feminazi” insult against you, and they should be ashamed."
335,,Auzurabla,"Exactly. She was a broke single mom of three. She's had to fight for everything, and managed to write her way out of poverty."
336,,kasurimethi,"They have twisted the narrative completely, because now pointing out objective and scientific facts like “you can’t change sex” and “women don’t have ladybrains” is bullying. It’s societal gaslighting. And if they now have the legal system playing along we are in trouble."
337,,pegpuff,"She literally said ""live your best life in peace and security"" and they're still claiming she's supporting discrimination. Proof that being against violence and housing/job/medical/etc discrimination isn't enough, you have to go along with everything they say 100% or you'll be their next target."
338,,PoorPlainObscure,Why miss a chance to revel in outrage and mass hysteria...
339,,loveathart,Logic is not even a distant memory here.  It's all about whipping up the outrage Ang getting those sweet clicks.
340,,CruelEnnui,">These commentators need to go to a Logic 101 class to learn how to argue against the words that are actually written

They can't, they never could - that's why they need all those straw-men and thought-terminating cliches."
341,,girl_undone,"We need to stop being surprised that they are ""accidentally"" defaulting to logical errors, misinformation, inaccuracies, thought terminating cliches, emotional smear campaigns, and bullying.

It's not an accident, they don't care about truth.

They are undermining truth and peoples' ability to speak it so they can force people to stop saying they believe in observable reality.

It's a hell of a task they took on and they're not going to achieve their ends through debate and facts and they know it on some level. That's why they don't engage in that kind of rhetoric and why they mostly bully."
342,,LeishaCamden,"That's impossible though, because they don't *have* any arguments against what is actually said."
343,,modernmedusaa,"what can you expect, men are always doing this with feminists

they ignore our legitimate points backed up by crime figues/gravestones then make worst case scenario assumptions and project it onto us in order to shut down debate. Men have been gaslighting women for centuries about our sex based fears- this is simply the new woke wave of it"
344,,ImPiqued1111111,"> Live your best life in peace and security.

Come on. Everyone knows this means ""go bully those people"". /s"
345,,tr330fsn4rk,"And we *actually* had to fight for them, so this shit is insulting as hell."
346,,female_solidarity,"""Trans rights are human rights""
""Trans lives matter""
""The future is fluid""
""Trans is beautiful""


Genderists are the only group allowed to steal the slogans of other activist groups with impunity."
347,,Far-Air,The right to mow over women’s rights
348,,hardy_and_free,"Well yeah, trans rights are human rights. They are entitled to the human rights to health, safety, security, freedom from ideological persecution, etc. They don't get a new set of rights unfavorable to women, or unavailable to your average man or woman."
349,,RetlaOge,"It's the ""rights"" to force other people to pander to their narrative under threat of social execution."
350,,LilianH,Men hate anyone laughing at them so give it time. After all the leader of China banned a children's character because someone mocked him by suggesting he looked like it.
351,,modernmedusaa,"Lol I used to see a male trans person that wore fairy wings........this is the type of self induced 'discrimination' they talk about, boohoo, must be so hard being an attention seeker and getting weird looks

Feck off. Brings a new meaning to 'middle class fairies' LMAO they've gone full throttle in the literal sense"
352,,4eyedPurplePPLeater,"There seems to be a lot of sick abusive men being attracted to this movement, & they know they can get away with that behavior because everyone is wearing blinders. I can't wait for it to crash & burn out."
353,,Feminazcabooby,With no understanding that threatening violence is not the way to get people to warm up to you.
354,,femaleisnotafeeling,"> or you’re a NAZI

...while they simultaneously threaten to burn their copies of the Harry Potter books. Come again, who’s the nazi?"
355,,gardenmoonwitch,Isnt it billions by now?
356,,ThrowThrowBurritoABC,Because she followed Magdalen Berns - I actually had no idea what a TERF was until I saw these women posting about how sad they were that Rowling supposedly was one.   It's how I ended up finding this sub.
357,,doesanyonehaveweed,"Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself, after all. They never truly internalized the wonderful lessons in HP."
358,,OvarianSynthesizer,Live in a liberal city on either coast.
359,,TessKaos,Good idea. It won't stop them because Twitter is filled with TRAs but sometimes you gotta do the right thing even if it doesnt change things. Like impeachment.
360,,171219reddituser,She's so incredibly wealthy that they can't threaten her with any job loss etc.
361,,myapoison,"I've been in that place before I peaked. First I went into that queer nonsense, but it didn't last long. Then the ""we cannot talk about that"" phase. Recently I realized I always knew what I felt like. Once I ""came out"" as a GC Radical Feminist, a friend of mine said ""Welcome, babe.. The view is amazing from this side.""
She was so damn right.
I'm glad I'm not afraid to speak my mind anymore."
362,,antediluvian5,"Most women are “TERFs”! When you talk to normal women about radical feminism without actually using the term, they tend to agree!"
363,,jadedjude,"A few LDS people Ionce knew have suddenly become TRAs and it's weird. Once homophobic Mormons are now TRAs....

Left leaning people are becoming GC and the former hateful homophobes are.... suddenly all for trans rights and LGB is just thrown in there automatically."
364,,headmisteadress,"Oh there's a massive wave of media condemnation coming her way though. People saying she ""joined the Death Eaters"" and crap like that in gossip blogs, I've only seen pushback in one sorta-liberal place and of course the TRAs are throwing tantrums there and calling every gc-looking commenter 'old' and JKR 'trash' and painting everyone as ""terfs"" who are simultaneously also ""right wing"". (Feminists? Radical feminists? Right wing?)."
365,,PoorPlainObscure,"They can't really touch her. What are they going to do, block her on twitter? Why should she care?"
366,,DowntownOrenge,She's gonna be fine. She knows what she's doing.
367,,EquivalentApple,"The qualifiers are for the normies watching on the sidelines who know nothing of this debate. TRAs will try and smear her with homophobia and intolerance, she’s making it clear that not the issue here."
368,,veronalady,She's being tactful and attempting to communicate with her audience from the lense through which they understand things. That should be commended and the GC movement needs to get better at it.
369,,arnaq,"Many of them are incels, no question about it"
370,,Throwawayhatvl,Some of them openly say they fantasise about killing women and think killing and beating terfs should be legal.
371,,trebeckface,Oh they already do. And if libfems acknowledge it at all it's only to virtue signal about how they should still be referred to as 'she' uwu.
372,,DowntownOrenge,"I can only imagine what's happening in her inbox right now. She should publish the messsages her ""sisters"" sent her as a response to expose the true face of trans activists"
373,,winewatcher,Some of them were previously straight males (still are) in marriages or relationships beating wives or girlfriends.
374,,FlyinBananaPhone,"It’s complicated UK politics (the Scottish national party no less!) so I doubt it.

I’d be surprised if any US coworkers know it’s now illegal to not use preferred pronouns in the UK now"
375,,FlyinBananaPhone,"https://www.scotsman.com/news/odd/equality-spokesperson-calls-women-s-group-absolute-roasters-1-4504278

Edit: this shows the roasted not the rape comments which was by a third party.
So I have no actual evidence of that so I apologize for spreading misinformation"
376,,tr330fsn4rk,"Oh, yes, compare the woman speaking up for truth to the fictional character devoted to burning information out of children. Perfect analogy, you certainly got us there."
377,,Begraben,"History has a funny way of doing that repeat thing.
Though, it never fails to be sliiiightly different that occasionally it goes unnoticed or people are simply in the dark about past historic world events ( We all are in some sense, realistically. ) The past repeats itself in media/news/current events to social issues right down to the thunderstorm last year... exactly a year but happened in the morning rather then during the evening or it was just day off or a day early."
378,,TryingforMighty,What's sad is that it takes that kind of insulation to be able to tell the truth and withstand the backlash.
379,,TessKaos,"On the upside,  her books will survive, their kinky fanfic will not."
380,,ImPiqued1111111,They've already transed Snape. This is quite the conundrum for them.
381,,girl_undone,\*passive-aggressively buys libfems HP merch\*
382,,RockAddict420,"No shit, did they really?, think about how cool it is knowing that two of the most prominent men in Horror and Science Fiction back up the woman who got an entire generation to think reading is cool"
383,,kissojenkissa,"It rarely ever affects men at all, regardless of background"
384,,SadMadNomad,"I agree with you! I remember hearing about her experience as a struggling single mother and how difficult it was getting her first HP book published. It's good to see her standing up for other women and using her public image to spread awareness. Many people will be angered by Rowling, but many others will see the utter ridiculousness of firing a woman for saying biological sex cannot be altered and support Maya too."
385,,4eyedPurplePPLeater,"It's apparent how brainwashed these genderists are, when they just can't seren to grasp why a woman, *who had to use her initials to get anywhere as a writer*, would defend other women... JK knows what it's like to really be a woman & I commend her for speaking up."
386,,raddy-set-go,"Perhaps before too long I'll be brave enough to retweet it too 😕

Edit: I've done it."
387,,BoringDisorder,"Yeah, you're right. If you constantly entertain someone's delusions they will lose it any time they are questioned. The kind thing to do is be supportive, but *honest* with people. Pretending that sex is not an unchangeable reality is not being honest."
388,,LucyWColitisGoesBy,"Their identity does not exist. Women is not an identity for men to claim. It amazes me how we are expected to give up so much for these odd, deranged men."
389,,anchovycupcakes,"It's really sick stuff, there's one side pulling no punches with the emotional blackmail, and the other side is doing the same except with all the ""kill terfs"", ""get raped"" threats... Anyone would be freaked out. It's just creepy.

And all she said was men are not women."
390,,LadySparklz,I smell a clearance at Hot Topic!
391,,truenorth195,Great explanation!
392,,Environmental_East,"If these individuals are mentally unstable to the point that biological fact is enough to make them commit suicide, you cannot in the same breath say that gender dysphoria and transgenderism isn't a mental disorder.

Yet instead of urging these people to seek help, we are asked to stop speaking."
393,,bendercritical,"I saw that Patricia Arquette jumped in, though I don't know why she's so invested in transactivism considering her brother detransitioned before his death."
394,,DrKeekster,"I think it's going to get worse before it gets better. I think eventually we'll see a lot of backlash from all these so-called trans kids who we're enabled in (pressured to?) changing their identity only to later find out that they were never trans to begin with, but now have all these physical consequences from hormone therapy and surgery.

I'm predicting malpractice lawsuits down the line."
395,,THE_VIRGIN_SURGEON,"And that's the problem isn't it? Trans identifiers don't lose rights for becoming trans, in fact, the whole movement is about coopting women's rights for themselves (TIM's at least)."
396,,Throwawayhatvl,Yes wtf? That’s basically saying Jewish people are goblins.
397,,TheHistoryMachine,I just assume everyone involved in the banking industry is greedy - religious and ethnic backgrounds don't play into it at all.
398,,TheHistoryMachine,">Goblins have existed in folklore in Europe since the early 1100's at least, and have always been known to steal and horde money and jewels.  Anyone that says that the Gringotts goblins are Jewish tropes are outing themselves as antisemetic.

Do they think that dragons in fantasy are Jewish tropes too? Because dragons are well known for hording money and jewels?"
399,,RiseOfSlimer,"It's impossible to have a reasonable conversation about antisemitism of the Left. It always to turns to denial and deflection. The past few months leading up to the UK election people have been pointing out antisemitism in the Labor Party, the basic response seems to be that the Tories are Islamophobic, as if they just cancel each other out. What ever happened to ""self crit?"""
400,,PollyannaPenny,">(Edit: I know it's not the same and you can criticize opinions, but damn if men don't get away with actual awful shit all the time and women are expected to shut up even when it comes to our own existence.)

People on Tumblr and the Woke Sphere of Twitter are losing their shit at Rowling for having a bad ***opinion***. But none of those assholes had anything to say when Woody Allen recently released a new project. And, like you said, they don't utter a peep about the fact that Chris Brown still gets treated like a prince by the music industry despite the fact that he beat the daylights out of Rhianna and never showed an ounce of remorse for it.

&#x200B;

It's the double standard that pisses me off. A man can get away with horrible ***ACTS*** (like raping and beating women & children). But female artists who simply ***SAY*** controversial things get raked over the coals and treated like literal monsters who deserve to have their achievements erased and forgotten"
401,,Thatstealthygal,You mean the kids aren't taught the ImpregnaNo spell at 11?
402,,fuckincaillou,"I'd bet there were more than a few abortifacient potions recipes traded around at hogwarts--gosh, now I'm halfway wanting to read a fanfic or something about how that would work"
403,,PollyannaPenny,">Anyone else seen the headcanon about a trans identified boy going up the girls' stair and saying ""I knew I was a real girl""?

I remember that one. It was saccharine as hell. But it also made me laugh because I tried to imagine how the staircase spell determines a male's interior womanhood. Does it....scan his luggage for lipstick and Barbies?"
404,,webboftruth,"Unfortunately, yes 🙄"
405,,GrendelsScaryMom,"I just want to say that I, too, hate Caillou."
406,,loveathart,You know it will be option A.
407,,jennywhistle,"It's funny that she is willing to fundamentally change her stories for other representation purposes, but draws the line at TRA rhetoric. I think that speaks volumes to the insanity of this movement, since JKR has been really happy to jump on bandwagons before. So they can't really accuse her of being intolerant."
408,,,Man at this point if she were to trans one of characters it would just be an amazing Twitter meltdown to watch.
409,,morningtea50,Username checks out.
410,,headmisteadress,"She had one kid at the time she was on benefits and writing Harry Potter, her younger children were from her second marriage (well after HP took off).

But yes, she was a single mother and the exact type of person who'd likely be left to freefall with no safety net under the current UK government's decade of 'austerity' - she's lived on that edge, unlike a lot of the people calling her names."
411,,,">It’s societal gaslighting

I recently wondered why I kept reading this sub, and you've hit that reason right on the head -- I feel like this is all one large gaslighting campaign, and I need to read this place in order to keep my sanity. 2+2=5, and people who have penises are now women because words mean nothing."
412,,PassionateIntensity,"Exactly. They aren't confused, they don't not understand what they're doing to women's safety or rights! They're authoritarian liars and they want to crush us under their boots."
413,,rearden-steel,"> men are always do this with feminists

It looks like many of the negative comments she's getting are from women."
414,,ABLovesGlory,We still have to fight for them
415,,womenopausal,"Seems like they suck at coming up with anything original, so what else can they do?"
416,,godherselfhasenemies,This. They get and deserve the same rights as everyone else. Access to opposite sex spaces is not a right.
417,,susiesmum,"> all the leader of China banned a children's character

Winnie the Pooh! China also banned Peppa Pig for some reason."
418,,PollyannaPenny,">Lol I used to see a male trans person that wore fairy wings........this is the type of self induced 'discrimination' they talk about, boohoo, must be so hard being an attention seeker and getting weird looks

*""If you don't let me wear my fairy wig and my hooker costume to the office, you are LITERALLY MURDERING ME!!!!""*

&#x200B;

For real, these narcissists don't even realize that REAL women can't even get away with that crap. We'd be laughed at as well if we wore drag queen makeup and fishnets to the grocery store. We just don't make a fuss about it because we don't see validation as a human right."
419,,dottiethecat,"Even better, lol."
420,,modernmedusaa,"Anyone who makes you nervous about speaking the truth should be instantly labelled as suspicious..

Am I the only one who is disappointed by the sheer number of women in 2019 who have allowed themselves to be silenced on this issue? This is collective brainwashing...it might seem like nothing...just a silent nervous woman worried about her job here, another few 10000 there and then suddenly you have the collective collapse of womens rights worldwide!!! This is how it happens!

I will lose a job in a hot minute for something like this but then again I had a tough upbringing & am really not with the bullshit. Also my value lies outside of capitalism and its demands so I really do not give a shit about some poncey woke male telling me to swing my hook bc I made a man in fishnets uncomfortable. I just think about the Nazi's to remind myself of the importance of speaking up for morality against the madness of crowds. So often people make out like they are trapped in their job- no you have trapped yourself in that job...the world is very big and there's plenty of employers who won't force you to believe biological sex is a lie. Way more than you think in fact...or worse comes to worse work at home/online for an agency. Work for yourself and cut out the woke middle man. Connect with your sisters, I'm sure at least one knows a position going or a lawyer of some kind. Don't allow them to make you feel fearful and trapped

Damn...it was only 30 years ago marital rape was legal...wake up women! We aren't as safe as you think! Our rights need constant defence in the numbers! Think of the bigger picture!

I hear a lot of women talking a big feminist empowerment game nowadays but when it comes to supporting their sisters in difficult situations and saying SEX IS REAL they are somehow easily swayed into silence or the 'ummm ermmm I don't know'?

GET A GRIP WOMEN!!!! We need you to be stronger if we are to ever gain a real footing on this planet!!!"
421,,DowntownOrenge,It feels nice not to be a coward.
422,,womenopausal,Transactivism is very congruent with homophobia. Why else are Iran so generous with reassignment surgeries? Transing the gay away is what it is.
423,,PollyannaPenny,"It's not as uncommon as you think. A lot of homophobic cultures have rolled with the notion that it's better to have a ""straight trans daughter"" than a gay son (and vice versa). Why do you think Iran of all places leads the world in sex change surgeries?"
424,,octopushotdog,Right? She already sold all her books to become a billionaire. And they already bought them all. What exactly could they possibly do? Lol.
425,,Ergative_Absolutive,"I suspect that, like most human beings, JKR wants to be liked and perceived as a good person. Having thousands of people tell you that you're a Nazi bigot responsible for the suicides of trans youth—which I'm sure is what she's getting right about now—takes a toll."
426,,kittenoftheeast,"In the UK, she could have the cops come round to her house."
427,,modernmedusaa,"agreed...most people are still in the dark about the gravitas of this gender oil spill and its longterm effects on society. I have every confidence when this news reaches these people, the majority are going to side with those of us who are gender critical and sane.

JK is simply helping steer people into the right direction and shining her big millionaire spotlight onto it. A woman with that level of fame understands what she is doing, and who for. She was once a poor single mother guys- she gets it."
428,,merewautt,"Literally just watched an episode of Obsessed (true crime show that focuses on the harm from stalking) and a TIM stalked his ex step-mother for years, stealing her underwear and showing up in her home, and then he got out of jail on a ""mental health"" card, and strangled her.

He then dressed up in her clothes and was presumably going to live in her home and ""take over her life"" according to his manifesto.

Doesn't that just make ya feel the \~sisterhood\~ with TIMs?

They definitely are infatuated with womanhood to the point of violence, probably even more often than the average man, which is really saying something.

The show is on Hulu and I believe this is the last episode of season 3 if anyone is interested. It was tragic. People don't take stalking victims (which, no coincidence, are overwhelmingly women) seriously and it costs lives."
429,,2or3thingsIknow,Sociopaths that need to be kept far away from women and kids.
430,,,Anyone who says that sorta shit is a sociopath regardless of their gender identity.
431,,2or3thingsIknow,"Dana Rivers. Trans activist who hates women. Had Mitchfest shut down, then befriends two lesbians and ends up murdering them and their adopted son."
432,,boredmarigold,"Yeah, I feel like a more apt analogy would be JK Rowling as Harry being forced to write “I must not tell lies”. But of course, that would make JK the hero...hmmmm 🤔"
433,,spider_party,"I know they decided he's FTM but Snape is practically the poster child for narcissistic entitled TIMs. Greasy hair, pasty basement dweller skin, frothing at the mouth rage whenever someone disagrees with them, hounding some poor woman who wants nothing to do with him. It's perfect."
434,,nougatbridge,"Nah, he took it back without even doing a modicum of research.

Said he agreed with it but didn't know about the ""transphobic connotations"".

The brainwashing is strong with this one."
435,,Feminazcabooby,"Hell, she wasn't allowed to publish the first book under the name ""Joanne"" because what kid wants to read a book written by a WOMAN, amirite?"
436,,tr330fsn4rk,"Yay! I’m sending you my support, Internet sister."
437,,MrMojoRiseman,I definitely agree. What worries me is current teenagers growing up in the TRA police state. If we lose the majority of a generation we are so fucked
438,,PollyannaPenny,"> I think eventually we'll see a lot of backlash from all these so-called trans kids who we're enabled in (pressured to?) changing their identity only to later find out that they were never trans to begin with, but now have all these physical consequences from hormone therapy and surgery.
>
>I'm predicting malpractice lawsuits down the line.

I'm sure many of them will come forward and sue once they get old & wise enough to realize what was stolen from them. But I fear that a lot of them might not be able to because, for all we know, the combination of blockers & cross-sex hormones in childhood will cause them to die extremely young. :("
439,,killmenowtoholdpeace,"This makes me wonder if lots of folklore and mythical creatures itself originated in historical stereotypes/caricatures of it's day, but since it's been passed on for hundreds of years through general fiction stories the original connotations have lost their intended meanings for the later generations, who reinterpret them in their modern fantasy works.

So basically, you might be able to argue these tropes are rooted from a anti-semitic/racist/sexist place, but modern writers aren't consciously using them for those specific implications.

Not sure if what I'm saying makes sense since it's not that eloquent, but I'm hoping the point I'm trying to convey is coming across."
440,,TessKaos,"Well, it is of note that the boys staircase doesn't do that. Maybe they were trying to prevent boys from sneaking into the girls dorms to jack off in their underwear drawers?"
441,,fuckincaillou,٩(๑❛ᴗ❛๑)۶ good. let the hate flow through you ♡
442,,EquivalentApple,Countdown to the first Harry Potter bookburning? They will not be able to help themselves.
443,,kissojenkissa,"Fundamentally? Any examples?

The only ones I can think of are gay Dumbledore and black Hermione, but neither quite counts as they don't change anything ""findamental"" and there's wasn't really text killing those possibilities.

Then again, I'm not a huge HP fan, and have been out of the loop for a long time"
444,,lavenderamethyst,And then she detransitions...
445,,pixipod,Yeah. So I've heard that one way to tell if you're being gaslighted in that you feel the need to start recording conversations to make sure you're not crazy. I think this is why so many women take screenshots of things TRAs post online because we're always told 'that never happens' so it helps to have proof that we're not losing our minds.
446,,kasurimethi,There are four lights.
447,,modernmedusaa,"how embaressing but I can't act surprised- a lot of women are just lip service when it comes to feminism. If they weren't we'd be much further ahead by now. A lot of women are still happy to pander to mens fee fees and throw women under the bus to elevate their own position

They love the beyonce empowerment songs and the 'future is female' malarkey when they broke up with a guy....but when it actually comes to opening your mouth & getting in trouble for your sisters they'd rather look sideways and let some other woman do it

Unfortunately the vote was not won by the former sorts of women....it was entirely dependant on the latter growing large /loud enough. But it benefited them all...and perhaps the silent ones should remember that"
448,,trebeckface,They think the right to be free from any criticism or being held accountable for their actions are human rights.
449,,LilianH,"Peppa was banned due to links with mobsters, but was unbanned for the year of the pig."
450,,modernmedusaa,"yeah precisely think of your local crack addict that dresses wild- doubt you'll see many people giving her sympathy

but a grown professional male in his 40s wearing dresses MUST be respected

I'm sorry I think a lot of it is them being jealous that women get attention- as in women have used tools of oppression like makeup etc to make their money & capitalise off it

I hear soooo many men talking about 'instagram thots' etc and they just all sound incredibly jealous and hypocritical since most times they are watching similar looking women on porn or liking their photos

Now the menz are jealous of this and they want in, but only once they've lived a full life of male privilege and had a midlife crisis. They have to infiltrate everything

For men, makeup is a choice. For women its largely due to pressure and the fact its expected etc but women learn to use it to their advantage. This seems to fly past them and think femininity = makeup"
451,,Nibbana0,"This, I have always spoken up, even when my survival depended on my job.  Used to be racism though, the fact this is harder is actually insane. Not trying to shame those who don't want to take risks but it's going to get a whole lot worse if more women don't do it, even politely."
452,,yesisaiditxx,"I’m shunned and gossiped about at work because I’m the only one who won’t put pronouns in my email. It’s absurd to me that’s even a fighting point but here we are. I also had a tough upbringing and won’t start cowering *now* as an adult. Every one of us is capable of acts of resistance no matter how small and it’s our duty to show these mobs that we won’t buy in no matter the cost.

Just imagining where this could go if we all start conceding that sex is not valid and women do not deserve protected rights is horrifying. How can the misogyny of these “progressive” agendas going unseen be at once so unsurprising and still so unbelievable?"
453,,glitteristheanswer,"This rings true for me too and never quite thought about an obvious reasoning: I too had a hard upbringing. A lot of neglect and abuse, needing to spend all nights and afternoons in the library to stay safe...I read a lot, I developed a hard sense of empathy but was never with the in in crowd so passing fads and acceptance was something I gave up on young and those things stopped having an affect on me. But they affected the friends I'd make in and after college..."
454,,jadedjude,IRAN IS SO WOKE 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
455,,PoorPlainObscure,"I am by no means trying to belittle what Rowling is going through for standing up for what is true and right. But she seems like a independent and level headed woman, and she was probably prepared for this. She has encountered the insanity of trans rights activists before, so she knows what she is getting into. And luckily she is in a position where she doesn't need to be popular among these people. They can't really do anything but hurl their ridiculous accusations at her that everyone can see are not true."
456,,BettySueMcCormick,"if they do, it would be a big news story. it would draw a lot of very interested eyeballs onto what the little despots are doing."
457,,PoorPlainObscure,For real?
458,,DowntownOrenge,"Watch The mindhunter too, lots of the murderers they cover have a crossdressing fetish"
459,,winewatcher,I remember this case.
460,,tr330fsn4rk,You should make a thread on r/thisneverhappens about the episode.
461,,DarthNekros,"because JK knows only a guy would try sneak into the girls dorms, females would not want to go into a stinking hole of teenage boys lmao"
462,,younghustleam,"Oh shit, are we dragging that bald headed little sonofabitch? GOD I hate Caillou. Don’t get me started on his voice, his parents, the art style, the storylines, any of it... all just awful."
463,,fuckincaillou,"IIRC harry potter books were already part of bookburnings way back, but ironically enough those burnings were done by religious fundamentalist groups."
464,,lavenderamethyst,"I wish this weren’t true, but you just know that they are going to go there."
465,,godherselfhasenemies,All narcissists do!
466,,modernmedusaa,"Good I'm glad to hear!! Sometimes bravery /personal sacrifice is required to get the message heard loud and clear. We need more like you!

I'm sorry but in 2019 I'm kinda cringed out by the sheer number of women who have allowed someone to convince them biological sex isn't real& to give up the rights of other women without any solid evidence whatsoever to confirm this. I mean its not a complicated thing- biological sex is MATERIALLY evident- it takes some passivity to believe its not. Its one thing to know its bs and not speak out of fear...but its another entirely to actually buy into behind closed doors & be part of its manifestation throwing other women under the bus for some woke SJW points for a tiny mentally unstable minority. I think the latter set of women need to have an even stronger word with themselves than the former. As in they clearly need to learn to have humility/ assertiveness. Some of these women had to be told 28874329 examples of why this is a bad idea for them to finally get it- I think that signals ignorance.

I don't want to hear your feminist views if you're all fluff when it comes to defending our boundaries. Thats just lip service- and we need more action. We need more women that put their foot down when they're say they're going to

I never bought it- I remember the first time I got put in the hot seat for my views in a room full of lib fem students who already despised me for not being a hipster....and the minute I spoke up they fell silent and the trans lecturer called me transphobic...but you could tell on their faces they wanted to nod and agree. They were just scared.. & I thought WTF? Are we back in the 50s??? Whats the point having access to education/ right to vote if women aren't going to use their voices???!

I couldn't NOT say anything because it sounded so bullshit...and was being taught to people in higher education- I immediately wanted to debate what he was saying. It was like a lecturer claiming the earth is flat to a bunch of naive paying students

All for asking what happens to womens boundaries if we allow men to say they're women...that was my crime

I knew from that day forth this TERF/ transphobe business was just a convenient way for men to say 'shutup woman'. The minute I asked them to defend their position I was shut down. Says it all really"
467,,PollyannaPenny,">if they do, it would be a big news story. it would draw a lot of very interested eyeballs onto what the little despots are doing.

Agreed. I'd LOVE to see them try it. Siccing the cops on the creator of Harry Potter because she dared to state a basic scientific fact is going to draw international attention to the UK and it's insane ""hate speech"" policy"
468,,susiesmum,"It's happened several times now. Someone complains to the police that you're using ""hate speech"" (Hate speech laws in England and Wales are found in several statutes. Expressions of hatred toward someone on account of that person's colour, race, disability, nationality (including citizenship), ethnic or national origin, religion, gender identity, or sexual orientation is forbidden.) - quoting wikipedia here - and the police will come and investigate. Even if what you said doesn't reach the standard of hate speech, the fact that you've been questioned by the police is officially recorded. Did you notice which category is NOT covered by this law?"
469,,kittenoftheeast,"Speaking of shutting down free speech, apparently one of my links would be removed (reddit auto message) because the Spectator is ""conservative"". Yes, it's right wing but it's hardly Breitbart. And one of their writers, James Kirkup, has been doing a good job covering the GC issues in the UK. So banning it from this sub seems....odd.

Anyhow, on the non-criminal ""hate incidents"" that get people harassed by the cops, Kirkup wrote about a 74 year old woman getting the Suffolk cops sicced on her for saying ""gender isn't real"" on her blog."
470,,kittenoftheeast,"Unfortunately yes. Non-criminal ""hate incident"". Multiple people have had the cops show up to ""check their thinking"" on trans stuff.

[https://www.hulldailymail.co.uk/news/hull-east-yorkshire-news/humberside-police-twitter-transgender-limerick-2468385](https://www.hulldailymail.co.uk/news/hull-east-yorkshire-news/humberside-police-twitter-transgender-limerick-2468385)

A 74 year old woman was contacted by the cops about her blog

[https://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2019/02/why-are-the-police-stopping-a-74-year-old-tweeting-about-transgenderism/](https://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2019/02/why-are-the-police-stopping-a-74-year-old-tweeting-about-transgenderism/)"
471,,veronalady,"[Kate Scottow](https://www.msn.com/en-ae/news/other/mum-thrown-in-cell-for-7-hours-e2-80-93-for-calling-trans-woman-a-man/ar-BBTnX15)

> A MOTHER was arrested in front of her children and locked up for seven hours after referring to a transgender woman as a man online.

> Three officers detained Kate Scottow at her home before quizzing her at a police station about an argument with an activist on Twitter over so-called ‘deadnaming’.

[Caroline Farrow](https://www.theguardian.com/society/2019/mar/20/catholic-journalist-investigated-by-police-after-misgendering-trans-woman):


> A woman who contacted the police after a journalist wrongly accused her of mutilating and castrating her trans daughter says she will withdraw her complaint because the case was leading to the spread of misinformation....  Farrow, a Catholic commentator and broadcaster, had been contacted by Surrey police and asked to attend a police interview over a series of tweets ... she did not “remember said tweets”, adding: “I probably said ‘he’ or ‘son’ or something.

[Miranda Yardley](https://mirandayardley.com/en/when-a-transsexual-is-prosecuted-for-transgender-hate-crime/), a transsexual man:

> On Friday 1 March, ten months of uncertainty and fear for my public reputation came to an end as a District Judge told a CPS prosecutor that the prosecution they were bringing against me for harassment under s2 of the Protection From Harassment Act 1997 was a baseless, politically motivated case and should never have come to court. I was awarded costs from the CPS, and this bizarre farce where a transsexual was being prosecuted for ‘transgender hate crime’ reached an abrupt end. After all this, there was no case to answer.

There are at least [five other people](https://medium.com/@elsaegret/meet-the-people-training-uk-police-on-trans-issues-191e46b18246) who have been put in similar situations with police."
472,,montanagraey,"And just wanted so shut some woman up..... those were the two things they almost all had in common, I noticed."
473,,villanelle23eve,These are too.
474,,antediluvian5,"Interestingly, cluster B personality disorders are highly prevalent in trans and “non-binary” people."
475,,pixipod,I pretty much consider the trans movement to be a beacon for narcs at this point.
476,,Nibbana0,"I don't have any extreme friends at all anymore, on either side. In real life or social media. But there is nothing wrong with asking questions, with stating concern for female sex based rights and dignity. But like I said this is even harder than racism because the racists feared for their own jobs/biz if they went too far, these people are on power trips like I've never seen before. And the ""authorities"" in charge are the real sniveling cowards and/or privileged assholes, they're the ones not allowing dissent. Social media sites are the worst, banning women for stating ""male can't be female"" while allowing rape and death threats against the women who state facts. It's scary fucking times but only going to worse if people don't raise  hell and fast."
477,,stompbixby,i guarantee she's probably been reported hundreds of times by now
478,,modernmedusaa,"Yep! There was a study done on this in Iran which has some of the highest number of medical transitions worldwide due to rampant homophobia & the gov generously funding these operations to boot

High prevalence of narcissism was found"
479,,modernmedusaa,"I have said for some time now the hard left wants to pull the rug from under you under the guise of 'morality'- thats why its harder to hold them to account. The hard right is very see through with its racism but the misogynists on the hard left are making out this is an extension of gay rights/female liberation....it really isn't judging by the ridiculous notion that stunting a childs puberty/chopping off their breasts for identity purposes is now considered 'liberation'...liberation for whom? Male medical professionals & investors? Absolutely nothing left wing about this deep down

Yes I agree the authorities are serious cowards- they have been infiltrated by political ideology & people are fast waking up to this BS. I think they can smell the lawsuits coming

This is why I have always been suspicious of people who are quick to defend 'authority' on that basis alone...if a doctor told you poison was good for you, would you believe it? I'm sure there's some arrogant gullible people who would & would readily argue with you about YOUR arrogance lmao

To me this just signals something off is happening with British healthcare- they have been selling bits off to private healthcare firms for some time. I truly believe one motivation for them doing this is to overwhelm the NHS with trans patients thus pushing it further into desperation that can only be 'saved' through more privatisation (I mean seriously- its costs MONEY to dish out these hormone blockers/medical transitions/mediate lifelong effects). And I believe this even more so because trans culture is very established/widespread in America where for profit healthcare is already the same  (they NEED customers= ££££). With free healthcare there is incentive to keep people well as that drains the government less & keeps costs down. Thus to me, this signals Britain's NHS moving towards a for profit structure.

And ofc the icing on the cake is that they can erode womens hard fought boundaries that they resent allowing us have (to a degree). Can't have equality if you can't tell who's who!!

There's a million other reasons I believe they're doing this...but those are the main 2"
480,,Nibbana0,"There are stories of managers with private bathrooms, schools with faculty bathrooms, etc. FORCING the ""underlings""/students to share spaces they won't ever have to deal with, they all deserve to be locked into a prison together for a week, have fun."
481,,Nibbana0,"Wow, not in the UK , US  healthcare is dystopian already, but that sure as hell sounds about right for capitalists. I wondered why the NHS was so quick to trans toddlers, now you said it, private investors. Wow."
482,,modernmedusaa,yeah fuck that if I see a male in the womens bathroom I'm kicking off and making a huge fuss on Twitter/you name it
483,,modernmedusaa,"Theres been a lot of muffling about the state of the NHS for some time now (they have been deliberately underfunding it) and a lot of medical staff on the ground speaking about the issues, they seem very concerned its going that way

I really feel with this Brexit malarkey (which is going to dint the UK economy longterm anyway) this is their perfect chance to slide it in under the carpet. There will be a lot of hoo har though bc the UK is very protective over the NHS

Yeah exactly! People overlook this aspect when I mention it as if its a conspiracy but its really not. The NHS has been struggling for some time due to forced austerity since the financial crash etc...and quite frankly the NHS could do WITHOUT a huge influx of trans kids and all their complications adding to the bill. I mean the trans journey is quite a long & costly experience...and the government funded NHS has to foot the bill for taht. The fact they are getting behind the trans BS just makes me more suspicious this is all part of their plan to overwhelm and privatise the NHS

There is nothing the Tory's would like more than to privatise British healthcare the same way the US republicans have"
484,,Nibbana0,"That good ole' golden rule, follow the money."
485,,Nibbana0,"Just don't do what AOC suggests, mind your business and wash your hands. Stay on guard , better yet leave. Tired of females, especially girls, being told not to offend them, it's vile. Have to admit I wouldn't confront a man in the bathroom unless had no choice."
486,,AutoModerator,"Welcome to Reddit's most active feminist community! This is a [women-centered, radical feminist subreddit](https://redd.it/934i4y) to discuss gender from a critical, feminist perspective. [If you’re new to gender critical feminism, please familiarize yourself with some of these resources](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/resources#wiki_great_resources_for_people_new_to_gender_critical_feminism).

Please follow [the rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules) and consider if your submission is appropriate for this sub or if it should be posted to a [sister subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/sistersubreddits). See our [dictionary of common terms](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/dictionary) if you’re unfamiliar with lingo.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GenderCritical) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
487,,ukhoneybee,"Great news for sanity. That site is hilarious, BTW.

If anyone is curious why TIMs insist on entering womens sports even though everyone can see they have an unfair advantage, in order for a sex change to be 100% and never mentioned again legally, they need to be included as women for sporting events. TIMs being banned from female sporting events would mean their actual sex would always have to be a matter of record. So they will fight this one to the death. It's probably going to be one of the things that sink in the court of public opinion because it's obvious even to the average sports fan a TIM has an unfair advantage over women.

You'll also notice the article avoids the fact that recent research is showing they maintain male muscle strength even after T blockers, and TIMs are two SD large than females. Which means an average size TIM has at least a 2SD head start in terms of strength on plain old Jane. This means only about only about 1/40 women is as strong or stronger as the average TIM.

EDIT: just realised a some of you won't know what 'SD' means. It's [standard deviation](http://www.en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_deviation) and it's referring to a distribution curve. The average man is 6 inches taller than the average woman. [Image to help you visualise what this means in terms of groups.](https://tall.life/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/New-height-distribution-with-legend.jpg) About one man in three is 6ft or over, and about 1% of women.

I'm also linking an old /r/dataisbeautiful post showing [nearly all men are stronger than nearly all women, for grip strength and more.](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/4vcxd0/almost_all_men_are_stronger_than_almost_all_women/)"
488,,DrinkingCoconut,">	USA Powerlifting has banned all transgender women from competing as women, even as a trans powerlifter in Minnesota recently won a state championship with another association, setting a state record.

>	JayCee Cooper, a trans woman, had applied last year to compete in a recent USA Powerlifting event in Minnesota. In December her application was denied.

>	“Male-to-female transgenders are not allowed to compete as females in our static strength sports as it is a direct competitive advantage,” wrote USAPL Therapeutic Use Exemptions Committee Chair Kristopher Hunt in an email to Cooper.

>	Hunt followed up with Cooper in January with this explanation:

>“Transgender male to female individuals having gone through male puberty confer an unfair competitive advantage over non-transgender females due to increased bone density and muscle mass from pubertal exposure to testosterone.”

>	The “bone density” red herring has been thrown out there for years, at least since MMA fighter Fallon Fox appeared on the scene. The bone density of black women is, on average, significantly higher than that of white women. In fact, some studies have shown the bone strength of black women to be higher than that of white men.


>	Yet we don’t see any great rush to divide lifting categories by race (which of course would be ridiculous), proving this bone-density argument to be nothing but a canard designed to specifically target trans athletes.

>	Hunt did not respond to an email requesting clarification.

>	Still, USA Powerlifting’s ban on transgender women competing as women is in place.

>“USA Powerlifting is not a fit for every athlete and for every medical condition or situation,” the organization said in a statement. “Simply, not all powerlifters are eligible to compete in USA Powerlifting.”

>	USA Powerlifting did not respond to repeated requests for comment.

>	The organization’s ban has forced Cooper to look for other opportunities to compete, landing her at events hosted by the U.S. Powerlifting Association. The USPA is smaller and holds fewer events in Cooper’s home state. But she’s happy to be able to compete.


>“They allow trans people to compete in their untested division,” Cooper said. “I won their Minnesota State Championship and it was amazing, but it still felt off knowing that I was denied eligibility for USA Powerlifting.”

>	In the meantime, Cooper has not let go of her dream of competing in USA Powerlifting events.

>“I am hopeful that the USAPL membership will stand up for trans inclusion and be on the right side of history. Trans athletes should not be feared but celebrated fiercely.”"
489,,,"What does the journalist mean 'the right side of history?' The side of history the marginalises women in their own sports categories, that let a trans women NOT declare their trans status and proceeded to smash a woman's skull in, that let's feelings triumph over logic and science?

I don't think the journalist is the one on the 'right side of history'. Anyone who disagrees with the idea that transwomen should NOT be allowed to participate in women sports, and instead says they should be allowed, does not care about women at all."
490,,pinkeythehoboken22,"If you're MtF and compete in women's sports, you are a cheater."
491,,,[deleted]
492,,,[deleted]
493,,CheckingOutVII,"
""JayCee"" Cooper can compete as the man he really is.

And screw the racism in this article as well by a white gay man who has no idea what he's talking about.  Fucker."
494,,HistorianFlowers,Finally some common sense.
495,,totalrando9,"If there's no real difference between women and men, why have separate categories? Why can't they fight to compete as women in the men's division?"
496,,soggycephalopod,">Trans athletes should not be feared but celebrated fiercely.

This is a little off topic, but why does disagreement all get labeled as fear? It doesn't sound like USA Powerlifting was making the decision out of fear. You could argue the science is wrong or that the decision is based on misinformation, but declaring everyone who disagrees as ""phobic"" or ""fearful"" is just dismissive. It sounds like as a governing body the goal (whether right or not) is to keep the sport fair. Fear of unfairness? Really?"
497,,,"Next up, olympic lifting pleeeaase"
498,,AsAMannnn,"Of course they get racist about it. Why must they bring black women into their man shit every time?




This is positive, though."
499,,Amphibiava,"From what I've seen, the reaction on social media has largely been along the lines of ""About time!"""
500,,annnnonpopo,"Oh my god, finally some sense!"
501,,LucyWColitisGoesBy,"> [**USA Powerlifting**](https://www.usapowerlifting.com/) has banned all [**transgender women**](https://www.outsports.com/trans) from competing as women, even as a trans powerlifter in Minnesota recently won a state championship with another association, setting a state record.

It's so unfair that a man can't continue to take take women's sports medals!

/s"
502,,budwieser61,Quite right as well. Trans are not women. They\`re guys who dress like women.
503,,LucyIngle,In b4 the law suits.
504,,AnInconvenientTERF,"The article refutes ""bone density"" and slinks away, leaving ""increased muscle mass"" sitting there and hoping nobody will notice."
505,,roter-jager,Finally someone has a big brain and realises that biology matters and feelings cannot win against it. It really was unfair to the women to have to fight agains transmen who have gone through puberty
506,,extraacct1234,"Hahahhaahhahah! Slapped down! Bye, boy!

But check that racism about black women! Fuck these guys! Whoever wrote that article should be fired."
507,,Julzlex28,"It's soooooo hypocritical how they accuse gender critical feminists of being ""white feminists"" and compare the history of black women being dehumanized to their own situation to try and make people feel guilty - then go ahead and shit on black women in the very way they accuse gender critical feminists. It's disgusting. Where are the liberals defending black women? How are the liberals feminists pointing out the misogynoir? Oh right, all integrity goes out the window when it comes to TIMs."
508,,RadFemYPSIMI,They're not banned from competing AS women.  They're banned from competing WITH women.
509,,RLaminin,"I appreciate all of the links and information provided in the comments. I understand wanting to be included, but sports need to be kept fair and equal (as much as possible). To deny that TIMs have a distinct advantage over women is to deny scientific evidence."
510,,ogimbe,USA Powerlifting's statement from June if anyone didn't see it back when it was originally posted: https://www.usapowerlifting.com/for-immediate-release-usa-powerlifting-refutes-discrimination-claims/
511,,HumongousFungus123,Well he’s a dude soo....
512,,,WIN!!!!
513,,Teatriptree,Sensible decision (to sensible people.) Let's hope more sport associations follow suit and women can get to compete in peace.
514,,CallaAETHIOPICA,Hell yes. Now if other sports leagues could pick up on this that would be great.
515,,ABeerAndCheer,SOMEONE WITH A GODDAMN SPINE
516,,Handsoffmyburando,"The autogynesmile, every goddamn time."
517,,,">a trans powerlifter in Minnesota recently won a state championship with another association, setting a state record.

Of course they set a record, they always beat women's records, yet they want us to believe it's just a coincidence, not a trend, and that they have no advantage."
518,,Amareldys,Wow!
519,,,"Also, some black women have higher bone density than some white men, this 1) does not account for the muscle mass issue, or bone length issue, redox advantage, heart and lung size, etc and 2) does not account for bone density distribution among professional or semiprofessional athletes. I would naturally expect those distributions to have greater spread because the physiological differences between males and females are exaggerated at high levels of competition; i can swim faster than all my male friends, but I could never swim faster than michael Phelps, even if i grew a foot. I'll try to find some data on this. With this issue, steel-manning is super important"
520,,,Apparently there is some little common sense still left on this planet
521,,montanalifterchick,I competed in USA Powerlifting for years. I am so proud of my federation. That's what got me in this sub actually!
522,,yishengqingwa666,"HAHA, BYE, D00DS."
523,,in2thegrey,"What’s funny is that none of us would care if black women dominated every sport. I love seeing black women dominate because they are excellent and inspiring. The only person that cares is a racist, and we’ve loved seeing them squirm since the Berlin Olympics. I must confess that I haven’t read this whole comment stream, but I want to ask if people think that it’s just a matter of time before a sports organization is legally obligated to include trans athletes, or is that already the case? It’s going to be a sad day when the U.S. Women’s Soccer team gets infiltrated. Have any trans athletes made it through Olympic trials and are slotted to compete?"
524,,feministunderyrbed,Yesss! There is still sanity in my favorite sport (to watch).
525,,JaimeInnisEyelashes,Fucking good!
526,,alinkrc,Finally.
527,,icequeenofmean,Finally some sanity in this insane world!
528,,RetlaOge,"Actual progress, thank fuck. Ridiculous that we had to go back in order to gain this progress though; it was blatantly wrong in the first place but fuck common sense, right?"
529,,ResponsibleDistance,"Wow, that scientist in the comments smashing their ridiculous assertions about chromosomes. My hero!"
530,,mummytheloveheart,This was posted on r/sports yesterday - I saw one post saying it was ‘transphobic’ which was heartening!
531,,WillTheMadnessEnd,"The Science of it does not matter!  [Here is a link to the policy discussion the Assn had](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=370OHWNTsqs) when they voted on this.

The TRA came on  (min 52) and smugly informed the audience that there were laws in many states that mandated the inclusion of TIMs in all things including sport.   She made a not so veiled threat (around min 58) that the Crossfit Association had to settle after facing millions in legal actions.  Interesting, how these 'individuals' can find the necessary funds to take people to court!

The lawmakers have a lot to answer for.    I only hope the increased attention to this in the mainstream will bring some rationality into play."
532,,3rdaccountcharm,"Fucking finally, I'm all for equality, and I have met quite a few women in person who after years of training out lifted me in the weight room. I'm a large guy at 6'5 and 235- 240 lbs. At the height of my physical fitness I was 215 and 6% BMI by the shitty army system. I never lifted weights but did constants body weight excercises  like dips and pushups ect. We would occasionally  go to the weight room for pt. And there were a few super hardcore women who powerlifter and hit the gym every day that ran the gambit of lifting with me, to out pacing me, to one female who actually  started to keep up with some of the male power lifters. But all that being said........I was never trying to work out like that and it took that much effort for most to work out at what I saw as pretty average male lift weights. There is so much that men and women trade off in advantages naturally, but the strength of to collective is not one of them. Bio males need to stay tf out."
533,,asdfasd666,It's a great decision but I just want to point out that this is news from February
534,,destinyspie,I can’t believe this article DARED to make it about the race. Way to set women against each other rather than against the real enemy.
535,,,[deleted]
536,,vldy,Finally some good news
537,,,"I do wonder how a male who was on blockers through puberty and then took estrogen through adulthood would fare here. It's unlikely that someone on blockers would be able to overcome bone health issues to be a top athlete, but say they did. I doubt the blockers + E route completely nullifies male advantage in sports, as he'd still probably end up with a larger heart and lungs."
538,,neitherdeathnorpain,YES.
539,,gotugoin,Good
540,,Pr0n-Hunter,Good.
541,,majorleaguescunt777,Good
542,,MidnightSporty,Wow! This has over 700 likes.
543,,Methdealer69,YES! I WANT TO SEE THIS KIND OF NEWS!
544,,XxX_Ghost_Xx,"If this absolutely BS stat the “author” is citing is to be believed, why doesn’t this TiM compete in the male weightlifting competition? Since there’s apparently no advantage even when competing against “white men”"
545,,qwertythecat10,This has happened in other sports aswell where a Tim would participate in women’s sports and absolutely destroy records (track) don’t have a link but u can look it up.
546,,CourageousCauliflowr,"Hell yes. Integrity.
If men want to compete with women so badly, and validate their ladypeen ""womanliness"", they can compete in sports that women kick men's asses at. Dancing, gymnastics, acrobatics, Etc."
547,,howHardIsIt2SignUp,"bone density aside, i got no problem with this

medical science can do some amazing stuff but AFAIK they are unable to reverse the effects of testosterone and the muscular/skeletal cell level after your body has been awash in it for some time"
548,,glitteristheanswer,Good. Allowing otherwise would just steadily erase women from the Olympics because anyone who's been through male puberty has a biological advantage
549,,DrussIV,Somehow I am not surprised that it is organizations like this that do not fold to activist pressure.
550,,Ballyneale12,Big win
551,,Archon__X,">The “bone density” red herring has been thrown out there for years, at least since MMA fighter Fallon Fox appeared on the scene. The bone density of black women is, on average, significantly higher than that of white women. In fact, some studies have shown the bone strength of black women to be higher than that of white men. Yet we don’t see any great rush to divide lifting categories by race (which of course would be ridiculous), proving this bone-density argument to be nothing but a canard designed to specifically target trans athletes.

I'll take false equivalences for $200, Alex."
552,,AcrobaticDiscount2,"Comments are fascinating.  Note that yet again, it is either a woman or a transwoman...I think it's the latter...telling people to educate themselves and using little bits and bobs like ""black women have higher bone density than some white men!"" to try and prove their point.
Brilliantly destroyed in the comments.
Every single comment opposed the writer.
So this is a rare instance of a pro~trans writer allowing comments...look what happens. It's all negative. OF COURSE its insane to allow males in womens sports."
553,,Demonitize,"Lmaaoo, it's funny how people are pissed about this huge problem being solved"
554,,ckwhere,"I hope some day nothing will matter except merits and freedom when reality will reign supreme along with fairness  and the end of objectification,selling,rape,pay disparities of women.  Just like racisms is ruin for those of color, untill that end is true, We can't alow any degree of loss in our rights or identify."
555,,666777101,Good. Logic wins this one.
556,,Romane_PaulNibaa,This is only because trans women still have the strength of a male.
557,,TGxRedPlayer,"Yikerino that's so transphobic


👏men👏with👏mutilated👏dicks👏are👏women👏"
558,,deadheaddestiny,"“I won their Minnesota State Championship and it was amazing, but it still felt off knowing that I was denied eligibility for USA Powerlifting.”

Imagine being so proud of yourself for essentially cheating a system and fucking over so many other competitors"
559,,,[removed]
560,,birdlady5226,Good?
561,,Feminazcabooby,"I haven't formulated this into a full post, but when I learned that nearly all men are stronger than nearly all women, it made me very critical of media representations of the ""fighting"" woman or the ""strong"" woman. I know TV and movies are fantasy based and technique is a thing and blah blah blah, but I feel like it sets up a subconscious expectation that women should be able to fight off rapists and other attackers, and that women who get beaten, either physically or athletically, just weren't trying very hard."
562,,Throwaway_Baelish,">You'll also notice the article avoids the fact that recent research is showing they maintain male muscle strength even after T blockers, and TIMs are two SD large than females.

This an old article, from February. The Karolinska study news just broke a few weeks ago.

Not that OutSports cares..."
563,,RetlaOge,"I like how that /r/dataisbeautiful post has a highly upvoted comment about trans-athletes. Good luck pulling that on reddit today, considering how trans mods have infiltrated most subs."
564,,,"Male vs. female bodies don’t end at testosterone and muscle mass. It’s lung capacity, hemoglobin, blood composition, heart size, etc. There’s nothing anyone can do to change those things. (Not saying you think but TRAs do)"
565,,blimpette,">  TIMs being banned from female sporting events would mean their actual sex would always have to be a matter of record. So they will fight this one to the death

Thanks for sharing! I was struggling to figure this one out."
566,,the_nin_collector,What about bones? Bigger thicker bones. Those can not be changed.
567,,RemarkableRaccoon0,"It will be interesting in 10 years from now when everyone is getting sick from HRT (increases a whole host of health problems including cancer) or experiencing a wave of detransition. It's going to happen and people will feel so victimized by the system. A whole generation of young people not knowing who they are, influenced by insecure people on tumbler..

I'm just glad I never altered my body in the name of ""congruence"". Most people have a hard time accepting themselves and their bodies. But now it's been medicalized..

I'm not convinced people transition solely for advantage in sexed competitions. But it really could be. Is this more of a case of prestige via a ""shortcut"" or is there more to it?"
568,,,"A lot of trans women have less testosterone than cis women, and aren't feminists trying to abolish the sexist rhetoric that women are biologically weaker than men?."
569,,Afsaana,">The “bone density” red herring has been thrown out there for years, at least since MMA fighter Fallon Fox appeared on the scene. The bone density of black women is, on average, significantly higher than that of white women. In fact, some studies have shown the bone strength of black women to be higher than that of white men.
>
>Yet we don’t see any great rush to divide lifting categories by race (which of course would be ridiculous), proving this bone-density argument to be nothing but a canard designed to specifically target trans athletes.

Yeah, because the category is **women**. Black women are women. White women are women. TIMs are not. The categories in this arena of competition are based on the biological fact of one's sex, not the tangled morass of social constructs that are gender and race."
570,,NemesisRouge,"> proving this bone-density argument to be nothing but a canard designed to specifically target trans athletes.

This is such bullshit.  It's to target **males**.  It's a physical competition, what your gender identity is is irrelevant to whether you should be allowed to compete.  If it were to target trans athletes men would be allowed to compete but transgender people would not.

The question for organisers of sporting competitions is this.  Should males be allowed to compete against females if they take a cocktail of drugs which reduce their physical strength?  The answer is **of course not**."
571,,radcassandraXX,"Ah, the ol' black-women-aren't-women dig. Nice."
572,,Mountains_beyond,This is from February- is there an update?
573,,kiwi_coco,Trans activists are always so ready to throw black women under the bus and categorize them as nonwomen for the benefit of men. How despicable.
574,,PrayandThrowaway,">be on the right side of history

This phrase frustrates me to no end"
575,,flapyourwings,Why are they so racist!!!
576,,muffinsrising,"1. this is old news but has been posted as if it's breaking. You should indicate the date in the title (e.g. ""USA Powerlifting *banned* .... *as of Feb* '19"") because it's kinda misleading as is.

&#x200B;

2. This is an anti-woman source and shouldn't be linked directly to give them traffic. That suggestion that excluding TiMs is tantamount to excluding blacks is bad enough and exploitative of their struggle for inclusion in sport and society, but the suggestion that black women are 'like males' or more masculine than TiMs (who are predominantly white) smacks of racism. I don't want to be reading this stuff from GC, especially under the guise that this is good news that'll be a cathartic read.

If you can't find a better source, at least archive it so it's not a direct link:

[http://archive.fo/4xscC](http://archive.fo/4xscC)

[http://web.archive.org/web/20190203214011/https://www.outsports.com/2019/2/1/18204036/usa-powerlifting-trans-athlete-policy-jaycee-cooper](http://web.archive.org/web/20190203214011/https://www.outsports.com/2019/2/1/18204036/usa-powerlifting-trans-athlete-policy-jaycee-cooper)"
577,,Calamity_loves_tacos,It's just part of the tra handbook. They also like to say we're just not as educated or philosophical enough to understand the nuance around the sacred trans woman and her lady essence. It's gaslighting and it works a lot of the time for them.
578,,AuroraHills,It's the transjacktivists who are on the wrong side of history.  People are peak-transing all over the place.  Gender nihilism is alive and growing.  The patriarchy is dying.  We are winning.
579,,IrisMarty,"The right side of history is so subjective. People always say stuff like this with the assumption that things will be good in the future and our ""good"" doesn't have to match their ""good."" Every despot and dictator thought that they were on the right side of history.

Maybe the writer's right side of history is one where women are completely eradicated and replaced by transwomen. We don't know what kind of world he wants, lol."
580,,Throwaway_Baelish,Cyd Ziegler is your typical gay misogynist. Nothing more.
581,,CricketNiche,"The right side of history is always written by the victors, so how exactly can we trust the narrative? Groups that have been permanently silenced throughout history aren't here to tell us their side.

So what exactly does the phrase ""right side of history"" mean? To me it feels like a thinly veiled threat: we're going to silence you, **we** will write the history books, **we** are going to be the victors, **our side** will be the **right side** of history.

It's kind of like how most of us grew up with Christopher Columbus as a hero. That is until impoverished, disenfranchised, displaced Native Americans finally *partially* pulled out from a centuries long genocide and descent into abject poverty. They rose up enough to speak out about what really happened, to show us what the right side of history *should* have been.

We know the truth now, we feel ashamed at how we celebrated him, we don't do it anymore. Shame *hurts.* It doesn't feel good—you feel guilty, embarrassed, your stomach turns queasy and sour, your guts ache, your hands shake. But we have to acknowledge that for a long time we all thought he was on the ""right side of history"".

We have to acknowledge that we—as a race (human being is our race), as a nation, as communities—can often be wrong when it comes to things like this.

It's incredible to me just how damn *prideful* TRAs are when it comes to this. They ~~look~~ are as fucking evil and stupid as people who would still defend Christopher Columbus.

*^Edited ^because ^of ^persistent ^foggy ^brain*"
582,,Traubl,"> If you're MtF and compete in women's sports, you are ~~a cheater~~

...more fucked up than first thought."
583,,,"Here's a chart saying that when they're 45, black women have a higher bone density than white men, but at every other age it's how you would expect it to be.

https://depts.washington.edu/bonebio/bonAbout/race.html"
584,,fortnite_burger_,"Interestingly, the top male powerlifters tend to come from Northern Europe (commonly regarded as the 'Whiteist' region in the world, though their success is probably due to the fact that they're so much taller than everyone else, and thus have more room for muscle mass), while the top female powerlifters tend to come from China, at least in the Olympics (I'm not sure I'd attribute that to physical factors as much as to the fact that China has a ten figure population and starts training its athletes very young). ""Bone density"" doesn't appear to be the dominant factor anywhere, making the TiMs' entire argument a canard."
585,,,"If you've ever encountered an alt-right goon online, you'll quickly find that they're masters of taking broad arguments and narrowing the argument down to a single, very specific point which they then obsess about.  Like if you say you want assault rifles banned, they'll turn the entire discussion into a tedious debate about the technical definition of an assault rifle.  Eventually, you learn to recognize this behavior and stay away from people who exhibit it, because it just isn't worth it to try and engage with them in any way.

But TRA's often exhibit the exact same types of behavior."
586,,waffleflavouredfloss,"technically from an anthropological standpoint all black peoples bones are denser than whites, thats one way of telling race (for murder victims and stuff) because black peoples bones are smoother and shinier than white peoples, which are more porous and dull. But thats the thing its equal all black people have stronger bones, not just women. So to compare black womens bones/strength to that of white men to prove some sort of liberal talking point is the most racist shit Ive seen in a while."
587,,exsnakecharmer,Black women always get shat on it seems. From all sides.
588,,,[deleted]
589,,Alma_Esmeraude,"TRAs and their allies/handmaidens always bring up BW as a red herring. The usual talking point is that BW are a ""subset"" of women, with the underlying implication that BW are not ""real women."" The same centuries-old scientific racism repackaged under the guise of progressiveness."
590,,RetlaOge,"Hm, you're quick to call it ""racist bullshit"", but noting the difference between the physiology of races isn't malicious, just factual.

Obviously he's using those facts in a scummy way to push his backwards agenda, but I'd still hesitate to call it ""racist""."
591,,BlueSky246,"I've never understood why gay white men can get away with being racist like this, but anyone else would be called out for it. Are people just afraid to be seen as homophobic for calling out and criticizing a racist gay man? Or is racism ok if it's used to defend trans people? I just don't get it."
592,,TGxRedPlayer,What was racist about it?
593,,blanket999,it's from 6 months ago
594,,,"Honestly wish they would’ve held off. I was hoping things would implode so TRAs would have to rethink their agenda. They’ll probably just cry oppression now, though for the normal person this is justice"
595,,CallaAETHIOPICA,They always do and they wonder why no one wants to support their racist asses.
596,,CallaAETHIOPICA,"I’m seeing it on my social media from people who otherwise don’t care about trans issues, but sports and this has been just such a “DUH” and “finally” moment for everyone. Seems like everyone really is a terf huh!"
597,,,">setting a state record.

And of course they set a state record. They always set records. Yet we're expected to believe that's a coincidence and they have no advantage."
598,,,I don’t think TRAs have any problems with denying science. It’s almost a hobby for them
599,,,[removed]
600,,RLaminin,Yeah there seems to be a lot of people with research here. Hopefully someone can come along and provide us with some information.
601,,WillTheMadnessEnd,Nothing they say ever stands up on closer scrutiny.     They will use any type of reasoning to prove that are the same as women.
602,,trawid2016,"I know the ex wife of a TiM who made the news a few months back for breaking a lot of lifting records. They made him redo his urine test and saw that he has a penis so he lost his trophies and awards.
Before transitioning he competed with men and was average. He claims that after taking estrogen  he is at a disadvantage and that he only won because of his hard work."
603,,StevesMcQueenIsHere,Are you lost?
604,,VengefulMufasa,"This is an important point. It's often seen as a very feminist thing to promote strong/combat capable women in films but in a lot of cases it really does send the wrong message. I was completely oblivious to the facts of physical strength differences between men and women until very recently. As a tall woman myself, I always assumed I'd be able to hold my own against a male attacker if he weren't a weight lifter or something. Then when I was attacked by a skinny dude on my campus, I was overpowered so easily I couldn't believe it. While messages in media about women being just as strong as men may be empowering emotionally, the misinformation can lead women into dangerous situations."
605,,QueefyMcQueefFace,This is why I’m looking forward to powered exo-skeletons in the future. It will amplify even the “girliest” of punches to be able to crumble reinforced concrete. Rapists will think twice before attacking women if they have the strength to literally punch through walls.
606,,RexGalilae,"After hating on online feminists all my life, this subreddit has finally exposed me to the sane side of feminism.

Wish you had a greater say in movie making than the female power fantasy propagandists ruining great franchises like Star wars and battlefield"
607,,goblinf,"yes part of the self ID ideology is a clean break from the 'past life' and past identity. Which is fine I can understand that in a way, especially if there's dysphoria, but, in every other area of life, one's past aliases ALWAYS follow you. Particularly for things like identity verification for anti money laundering purposes, or to track criminal records or for police clearance for jobs with vulnerable people.
And EVERYONE else regardless of their place in society has to maintain continuity of identity from birth to coffin - why? to protect society as a whole against the harms of a few wrongdoers. And for me, self ID attempts to make trans a special category. As though they were in a witness protection scheme. And for me, that's not viable, it's not a good thing for society as a whole.


There needs to be records for everyone to maintain trust in how our complex society works, because it works on trust. and trust needs verifiable facts to survive."
608,,berryflakes,That’s not a stereotype xD that’s a biological reality. Same brain different body...
609,,Sinnes-loeschen,"Yep,if black women, on average,have higher bone density, then that's how the chips have fallen- they have an advantage as women,not over women. Competing at an elite level will always be ""unfair"" to the large majority,it is about trying to make access as equal as possible within gender categories."
610,,,They sure do love to bring black women into the argument as if they're not really women. Fucking racists. Black women aren't men so stop using them as your pawns. I fucking hate genderists.
611,,xvmeadar,"And is this bone density thing true? Like, scientifically proven? Or is it some commonly held belief with no scientific grounding?"
612,,peregrine_throw,"Agreed. Celebrated fiercely?? This loser of a male athlete ogre needs to fuck off and let female athletes shine in their own category.

>The “bone density” red herring has been thrown out there for years, at least since MMA fighter Fallon Fox appeared on the scene. The bone density of black women is, on average, significantly higher than that of white women. **In fact, some studies have shown the bone strength of black women to be higher than that of white men.**

Yeah, citation needed for that, preferably research not done by a TIM and has more than 7 subjects. There's a reason why occurence of hip fractures are still higher in black women vs *black and white* men."
613,,AnInconvenientTERF,"I'd be perfectly fine with doing lots of science, measuring which body parameters confer advantage in each sport, then dividing each sport into categories that correspond to an average ability level clustered around those parameters.

Until then, men have their own sports.  If taking estrogen makes you uncompetitive in men's sports, well, lots of medications make you worse at specific sports and you might need to choose something else.  Or you might need to be okay with it being a hobby and having fun with it, instead of needing to win at it.

I'm disabled and very few ""feminists"" worry about professional sports being completely inaccessible to me.  They certainly don't worry about it to this ridiculous level and I was born female.  I also know that not everything in the world is intended for me and I choose to do the things I am good at.

Adapt.  It's part of a healthy mindset."
614,,VictoireHuguette,"Yes! Thank you for saying this. Clearly their idea of race is just as archaic as their conception of gender. As far as I am aware, biologically speaking, there is only one human race, and there are only two humans sexes. The fact there are some physical similarities between people of the same ethnical background doesn't mean there is a clear biological or genetical way of classifying people into the social ""races"" we know. It would be impossible to make racial categories in sport, since there would be no way of knowing who belongs where. There is however a pretty easy way of classifying people into the two human sexes. But they are trying so hard to forget about it, they seem to think the only clue we might have is their bone density."
615,,lazyrigger,"Yeah, not sure why this is getting resposted"
616,,WillTheMadnessEnd,"I am interested to know why the Black woman's BMD goes up around age 45, when it doesn't for any other group.  Is there an anomaly in the data collected?  Doesn't make sense to me. I couldn't find another chart to confirm or dispute it.  It drops quite a lot after menopause.

Edit:   Here is another chart from NCBI:

[https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3057045/figure/F1/?report=objectonly](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3057045/figure/F1/?report=objectonly)

which shows a naturally declining trend for ALL groups after achieving peak density.  The TRAs will just grab on to the one with anomality, to claim that black women have higher BMD than white men."
617,,SunglassesDan,"I think you mean strongman competitors, not powerlifters. Being tall is valuable in Strongman as most of their lifts involve objects of a fixed height. In powerlifting and weightlifting, which are weight class based, being tall is a disadvantage, as more of your body weight is made of stuff that isn't muscle."
618,,CricketNiche,"Sounds like it's based on center of gravity. Men's center is their chest cavity/torso, but women's is our hip/pelvic area. Chinese women are shorter, so their center of gravity is lower and way more stable. A good strong foundation for lifting heavy things."
619,,CricketNiche,">But TRA's often exhibit the exact same types of behavior.

Because they **ARE** alt-right goons!"
620,,_SadWalrus_,"This.  At the hospital, we sometimes have to ask black coworkers if they'd be willing to donate blood. Because we need Ro, and Ro is far more common in the black population. I have celiac, which predominantly afflicts whites. Sickle Cell Anemia predominantly afflicts blacks. I'm a redhead, so any anesthesiologist who treats me needs to know that even if my hair is dyed. We are not the same; but we are equal as human beings."
621,,DorianGreysPortrait,"So? For some reason I’m just now hearing about it, and I’m glad it’s been posted so I COULD hear about it. Would have been nice sooner, but better late than never."
622,,LesbianPrincess-,Yeah. Not sure why this is being posted now.
623,,,"In my experience, most people outside the far left have some issues with TRA logic. I’ve even had staunch liberals quietly admit that they think the brain in wrong body thing doesn’t make sense, seems kind of sexist, etc. People are just being shut up"
624,,chephy,"I recently saw some research that suggest pre-pubescent boys still perform slightly better at sports than pre-pubescent girls, though it's hard to tell whether that's due to biology or social factors."
625,,the_nin_collector,"That's kinda fantasy don't you think. You could carry a gun or knife right couldn't you? You ""punch"" a hole through a wall with a gun today, right now, but carrying a gun sure as shit doesn't solve the rapists."
626,,berryflakes,Very good point. And has a scientist it just break me to think that they will just fuck up my precious statistics. Statistic are so damn important. How are we going to know what are a woman’s special medical needs if men register themselves as women?? The reverse is true as well but I sense that men will find a way to make it work for them as they already do
627,,CourageousCauliflowr,"The point of IDing us legally is not to protect us at all. Look out for any explanations that include your own protection. The point of ID is so the all the slaves of the elite are accounted for and tracked. That said, even without IDs, we can tell trans women are men. They need to stop."
628,,I_Matched_Ortho,"Different brain, different body, actually."
629,,Amphibiava,"Exactly. Racial differences in sporting ability are nothing compared to sex-based ones. That's why it makes sense to separate sports by sex, not race."
630,,Jalan_atthirari,I hate when they can't see theres a difference in natural variation versus a male trying to compete with women.
631,,hardy_and_free,White women tend to be taller than Asian women. Scandinavian women are taller than other European women. Them's the breaks.
632,,goblinf,exactly. equality of opportunity not equality of outcome. and TIM being classed as biological females in sport denies both equalities.
633,,angrytardis,"Because the race card IGNORES the social, wealth, access to support and resources that white women have IN GENERAL.

We're all women, generally speaking we need to compete on sex segregated lines."
634,,,"On the topic of black women having an advantage over white women, see  [https://live.cricket.com.au/match/2431/46774/west-indies-women-vs-australia-women-west-indies-v-australia-odis-womens/scorecard](https://live.cricket.com.au/match/2431/46774/west-indies-women-vs-australia-women-west-indies-v-australia-odis-womens/scorecard)"
635,,Rubyrgranger,"I can't stand when they do this. Every single time, they're spouting some new racist crap about black women. It would be nice if they just kept black people in general out their mouths."
636,,TheOGJammies,Yeah honestly I’m reading this entire thread in disbelief. Wtf is this white nonsense on my screen right now?
637,,Afsaana,"I looked it up on PubMed and there are papers dealing with the topic. [This one is free to read](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2974925/), and [I found this too](https://academic.oup.com/jcem/article/97/12/4329/2536344). So it looks like there are differences, but they're influenced by a wide variety of factors, not *just* diet or genetics or the type of exercise you do.

Semi-related, but there are many genetic disorders that are more prevalent in different parts of the world or among specific groups of people, as well as genetic differences that [have big implications for what medicines we need to properly treat people (and what we should be developing!](https://www.nature.com/scitable/topicpage/pharmacogenetics-personalized-medicine-and-race-744/))"
638,,WillTheMadnessEnd,"Yes over years.  It depends like everything on how strong your bones were at its peak in young adulthood...

Weightlifters would have a much higher bone density than if they didn't do that sport  Lifting weights is recommended to build bone mass.  Comparing a man who transitioned recently, and a weightlifter at that,  to the senior transgenders in general is misleading and a red herring as usual.

Not sure if bone density as much to do as muscle and upper body strength, in weightlifting anyway.

Edit:

Also, after menopause, it is loss of 'estrogen' a that makes women susceptible to menopause.  Most probably it is the loss of testosterone in TIMs that make them susceptible.  It's quite complicated, but bone would lose density gradually over years, and I am wondering if the estrogen they take offsets the loss to a some degree."
639,,XxX_Ghost_Xx,No. Absolutely not in the way it’s referenced in this opinion piece. But truth and scientific research doesn’t matter to the cultists.
640,,,"And it doesn't negate the other advantages of post puberty males like larger heart size, bigger lungs, etc. Bone density is one of a number of variables that give men a competitive advantage over women."
641,,Helesta,"He's delusional. Also what about bone length, heart size, tendon strength, hip/shoulder size etc, all of which can be more essential than bone density."
642,,Feminazcabooby,"""The “bone density” red herring has been thrown out there for years, at least since MMA fighter Fallon Fox appeared on the scene.""


HE BROKE A WOMAN'S SKULL AND THEY'RE SAYING IT'S A FALLACY."
643,,TheOGJammies,Yeah honestly I’m reading this entire thread in disbelief. Wtf is this white nonsense on my screen right now?
644,,BlueSky246,">As far as I am aware, biologically speaking, there is only one human race, and there are only two humans sexes.

.

>The fact there are some physical similarities between people of the same ethnical background doesn't mean there is a clear biological or genetical way of classifying people into the social ""races"" we know.

There are genetic differences in different populations of people. These differences exist in hair type, skull shape and population genetics. Scientists can examine  skeletonized remains and determine what population of people they came from. They wouldn't be able to do that if humans weren't genetically different. How can anyone look at a European, an Eastern Asian and a person native to Sub Saharan Africa and not see that they are different genetically? And this difference goes way beyond just skin color."
645,,CricketNiche,"I feel bad for the original user that posted it. OP is reaping all the karma, even though the other user broke the news first, right when it happened."
646,,alinkrc,But.. Doesn't the alt right hate TRAs?
647,,boneyfingers,"I'm very much afraid that you're correct. The political damage TRAs could do to the Left is staggering. I mean, Alabama almost elected a pedophile to the Senate, and if he runs again, all it would take to win is for some TIM to go running his mouth, and scare the middle towards the right. TRA politics are a cancer."
648,,BlueSky246,This is ridiculous. No they aren't. The alt-right can't stand anything to do with transgendered people no more that they do gay men. They are seen as freaks and weirdos by most of the alt-right.
649,,CybergothiChe,"pack heat, shoot meat"
650,,not_mean_enough,Great advice for getting arrested in most countries.
651,,goblinf,"oh sorry. I didn't mean actual identity cards. I meant (in the UK) where when you become a client of say a solicitor you have to show them that you have existed for a long time, and they have to google you to check you don't fall into particular categories. So if someone has a name change, like say a Lord coming into an inheritance, they provide birth cert with birth name, then deed poll to current title, because the other documents will have the original name until the deed poll, then the new name afterwards. The system is created to cope with there being a change of name.
Similarly if you are a woman and get married and take your husband's name, except there you provide the marriage certificate.

There's a continuity of ID.

Whereas withthe self ID legislation (that's just been kicked into the long grass here in the UK) there's an assumption that there's a prior 'dead name' that won't ever be used again. And the new name. Well that's just NOT feasible in a society that, for example, has antimoney laundering rules to protect against terrorism and crime. The protection has a higher public good than the attempt to stop dead naming.

Not sure that's any clearer. But basically, if you change your name, your old name/existence follows you. As Freddie the seahorse has found - the court said only women can give birth to kids, therefore your current name is on the birth certificate, under the mother box not the father box. The law is interested in what's going to make sense in society for the long term - not magical thinking currently in vogue.

We don't actually have ID cards in teh UK, it was mooted but there was such an outcry it didn't happen. Which is fine, until you don't have a passport or a driving licence, then since 9/11 and the changes in ID verification rules, doing anything official becomes a nightmare...."
652,,villanelle23eve,"Still, it would be more fair to have an asian women's basketball team, for instance. It does seem like a racial advantage when one group is on average so much taller than the other."
653,,CricketNiche,"My jaw actually dropped open when I read that line. The blatant, unashamed racism. It's repulsive."
654,,xvmeadar,"Yeah, but then density is resultant from factors like activity and perhsps diet, not necessarily from race. I found a bit of issue with the “black women have higher bone density than white men”. There recently was a scandal when it was found that many doctors erroneously believed that black people have thicker skin than whites, and treated accordingly.

Does testosterone or oestrogen contribute to higher bone density or lack thereof?"
655,,,"Yep, it absolutely does"
656,,,"That’s what kills me. Whenever the TRA’s rage about this shit, they’ll point to one single factor and claim that it varies amongst women. And, yeah, these things *do* vary. Some women have a lower q-angle, other women are really tall, whatever. But the TRA’s choose not to acknowledge (and the uninformed general public seems to not fully understand) that it’s the *multiple, compounding* physiological differences between males and females that ultimately confers the advantage and warrants the ban."
657,,peregrine_throw,I won't be surprised if that study compared career female weightlifters vs pasty basement neckbeards who would already huff and puff after a 3 minute jog lol
658,,peregrine_throw,"It made me curious how r/weightlifting's regarding the entire issue. Fortunately, there's still sanity, peppered with the fuck offs that cry misgendering and ""Such vile transphobia in here! SHE'S A WOMAN!!""

I even found out that Laurel Hubbard's very wealthy FATHER used to be involved/headed the NZ weightlifting association and led the creation of the trans qualifications. Well now... ain't that grand. And they have the gall to say ""It's not her fault! She just wants to lift! She's just following the rules."" Yeah, no."
659,,VictoireHuguette,"Well good luck classifying people into these categories then. I can already see it ""this is a competition for 30% Irish 70% sub-saharian people only, sorry but you don't fit the pre requirements"".
Of course there are genetic differences between ethnicities, there are even genetic differences between blonde people and red heads, and that doesn't make it a race. And if we take that route there are also differences from one family to the other and even in those families from the descendants of one person to those of another, which is why we don't all look the same and have the same attributes..."
660,,nobodysbuddyboy,"Doesn't everyone, really?"
661,,BlueSky246,Yes they do. Most of the alt-right hate trans people and want nothing to do with them. They are seen as freaks and not accepted.
662,,the_nin_collector,Lol. Wut? But powered exo-skeletons will be legal?
663,,goblinf,and I agree. they need to stop!
664,,CricketNiche,"What? Asian people can hold their own in basketball. Have you heard of Yao Ming?

Sure, there might not statistically be as many 6ft+ Asian players, but at least it's physically possible. It's not physically possible for men to become women.

We don't need separate leagues for race, that's crazy racist."
665,,listenbuddy125,"Yeah, but there are outliers in any race , like Yao Ming the basketball ball player for instance. Sports and genetics can’t be made fair. But separating by sex is common sense, I mean men and women are obviously built completely different?"
666,,Helesta,"I think estrogen actually enhances bone strength in women. Like women who skip periods due to high-intensity cardiovascular athletics are always warned they are at a higher risk of osteoporosis when they get older, because the lack of periods/estrogen weakens bones in the long run."
667,,goblinf,ah. nepotism is alive and well... I note it's not the mother that has the power and wealth and is pushing for the son to invade the female side of the sport.
668,,not_mean_enough,"Why would they be illegal? They're work tools, not weapons. They're meant to aid in heavy lifting in warehouses, care homes etc. Last time I checked, hammers are still legal even though they could be used to kill someone."
669,,the_nin_collector,"Op literally said to use one to fight off rapists. If they could be used to fight off rapists then they would be weapons. The legality of weapons varies from place to place.

Are you 12 years old?"
670,,not_mean_enough,"A hammer, frying pan, glass bottle, or a camera tripod could also be used to fight off rapist. And yet they're legal virtually everywhere."
671,,berryflakes,"The point was that we are not strong enough. It doesn’t matter if you are waving a frying pan. Our best chance is to lower the number of rapists and just run away. I was delusional too, I tought that I would fight off like my fav characters, but this is putting myself in dangerous situations. If you are not doing weight lifting every day and boxing, self defense etc I suggest running away and just so you know, I trained for running and cross competitions during 4 years and most guys my age just come and they’re better than me. One day I saw a 6ft guy just run in front of me jokingly (he was playing with his friends) while I was coming back home, and he was so *fast* none of us can do this. Just imagine how done a girl who don’t do sport is if someone like this (1 in 3 guy is like this) try to harm her."
672,,RemarkableRaccoon0,It's so gay it's straight
673,,danismithapples,"Can truly say I've never thought of it this way, but I completely agree. We're told to examine our ""preferences"" yet get silenced if we even suggest therapy to trans identified individuals."
674,,itsnotaboutewe,This simple truth is all we need to say from now on.
675,,,this is BEAUTIFUL
676,,feminotorious,Just perfect
677,,Lady_Montgomery,Oh the sanity. I don't know if I can handle it.
678,,chungkingxbricks,"An even better question is, why do so many trans women want to keep their penises? Hmmmm...."
679,,kovufloof,Absolutely this.
680,,ForsakenProfession,Such commonsense will never catch on in Transworld.
681,,cailleachbride,Yes.
682,,insectatribe06,holy shitballs the SENSE
683,,666777101,"yh I knew this FtM whose reason for wanting bottom surgery was so he could 'plough chicks'... one of the good ones, eh?

I kinda think that a lot of the whole trans thing just comes down to vanity, but if you say that, ppl act like they want to crucify you."
684,,redlollylellowlolly,"The answer, as always, is to follow the money."
685,,cerseiridinglugia,"Well, I hate to break it to you but most of trans people just don't want to change their genitals. I have commented my Peak Trans experience on this sub about a trans identified female, who basically look like any random woman, yet really wanted to be called and considered male. Her """"""gay"""""" boyfriend (he identifies as gay but says he dislikes penises, lol) even says that people shouldn't expect trans people to get bottom surgery lmao. They say transitioning is hard but they basically fight the whole world for it to get adjusted to them (them: 0,1% of the population at best)."
686,,,Awesome.
687,,AbhorrentIngestion,"Exactly! Gender dysphoria should be seen as a mental health issue, not something that can be solved by having your genitals changed. There's actually a very high number of sex-change people who've regretted having their genitals operated on but obviously can't go back."
688,,DoctorOsmium,Nuclear take
689,,NYCradfem,Great fucking point.
690,,,👏🏻👏🏻
691,,PlumRavenPie,👏👏👏👏👏
692,,Revstokely,Ohh snaaap
693,,Thrillcheesier,"Wow! properly written, truth is so simple!"
694,,GCMadamXX,Not only offend. It’s actually illegal. It’s conversion therapy.
695,,Alliepp,Too logical and sane for TRAs.
696,,quasarbar,"The ones who are pushing lesbians and gays (and straights for that matter) to violate their sexual preferences are usually the ones who do love their own genitalia.  Many (if not most) transgenders never get ""bottom surgery"" and don't even want it.  They love their penises and want to force lesbians to love their penises as well."
697,,MerakiKosmos,"Or even gay conversion therapy in the first place, at that rate."
698,,NerdBrenden,Oh this is PERFECT.
699,,Jarl_of_Ireland,"In what other mental illnesses is society expected to encourage the delusions of the mentally ill? Like are we supposed to pretend schizophrenics are actually God? Supposed to pretend that depressed people should commit suicide? But for the trans delusion we have to pretend they are the sex they ""feel"" they are, and we have to mollycoddle them, welcome men into female only areas, and even welcome them into our beds....whether we want to or not, for fear of being labelled a TERF or transphobic."
700,,JudqeJudithSheindlin,I'm not sure what the first part is referring to?
701,,remquarqk,"This is what I don't get.

If your gender is innate like they say it is (that's the whole point of their movement), the thing that would make most sense is therapy to try to come to peace with your body, while your mind can be whatever-fucking-gender it wants."
702,,BigGucciBoss,it's basically come full circle. its nonsensical. im so gay im straight..
703,,YappaJabba,"The people who except lesbians to love penises and gays to love vaginas are stupid, though."
704,,Millicentmagenta,"Be careful with all that common sense and intelligence, it might kill someone!"
705,,Ann_Fetamine,#TheyDidTheMath
706,,bigtexnick,wat
707,,UnfriendlyPichu,O wow tumblr did a good thing that's gotta be a fucking first
708,,trebeckface,Hey that's my old username!
709,,girlmayor,Sheeeeeeit.
710,,daddy_dunsbuns,"Because lovibg our bodies isn't the problem, it's just the disconnect from it that is so extreme i can't get away from it."
711,,mfpotatoeater99,I think you'd all like r/LGBDropTheT
712,,NerdyPugGirl,"I've always been confused by this.  How is it ""conversion"" therapy to tell someone that the are in the wrong body?  What most dysphoric people need is *acceptance* therapy.  Dysphoria must be extremely painful, but for some patients, learning to love and accept themselves is surely the right way to go.  If my gay son ever had therapy, I want the counselor to believe in acceptance and embracing how he was born."
713,,hidinghiddengone,WHY THE HELL DOES NOBODY UNDERSTAND TRANSGENDER PEOPLE?!
714,,,[removed]
715,,,[removed]
716,,Omina_Sentenziosa,That should be the new LGBT++++' s motto!
717,,JulienMayfair,"I observed it before, but didn't phrase it quite as well. I noted how people who are so distressed about their own bodies that they claim to need thousands of dollars for hormones and surgery to change them turn around and expect everyone else simply to ""get over your genital preferences because bodies aren't important."" Their feelings are important. Ours aren't."
718,,,[deleted]
719,,nobodysbuddyboy,"Because its a fetish, not an actual ""identity"""
720,,JarOfOoze,"Actual answer from an actual trans women; the surgery to get rid of the penis is really expensive. A lot of trans women may not feel enough dysphoria for it to be worth the price of admission, and some may just not be ready. It's a lot, emotionally, and not every trans person goes about their transition in the same way."
721,,ATlas__25,"Because it's how dyshoria work's, some maybe fetishes, but most aren't, for example, there can be trans guy who feels dyshporic about having boobs but not dysphoric about having vagina, also he could be genderfluid"
722,,harley_jarvis,"....I really don't think fake penises have gotten good enough to plow anything. They don't get erect, right? Aren't they basically entirely cosmetic?"
723,,i_am_so_over_it,"If you haven't yet googled phalloplasties, you're in for... in dinner even know 🤢 The one image I saw looked like a vag with a penis wilting out of it........... cannot unsee."
724,,lavenderamethyst,"She.

We don’t have to use mindfuck language here."
725,,WheresMySaucePlease,"My TIF sister and her boyfriend are like this.

A conventional heterosexual couple insisting that they are in fact two gay men."
726,,ABeerAndCheer,"Wow all i read is ""me me me"""
727,,delleyted,I dont understand
728,,Jarl_of_Ireland,Check out r/detrans
729,,kjdsx,"TRAs and transbians tend to force lesbians to have sex with them, if they refuse they'll promptly be called transphobes and terfs."
730,,TheSaint7,Why are people being forced to love and accept something they’re not attracted to instead of teaching those who are mentally ill to love themselves instead.
731,,Millicentmagenta,Found the astroturf. There's always one in every comment section.
732,,SindraGan2001,And a fan of Pewdiepie I guess.
733,,jewelsvert,"lgbtqiarhflaldj: so gay, it's straight!"
734,,Lady_Montgomery,I want it.
735,,,r/itsafetish
736,,booblake,"For some it is, for others clearly not right? So for the little boys that have always wanted to be a girl and dress like it, they’re offered as examples to legitimize men  who want to actually  be gender fluid but instead call themselves a woman because it sounds better and/or society expects that of them."
737,,Ergative_Absolutive,"They get erect with the aid of a pump; they're basically inflatable. But no, they don't get erect in the same way as penises (as a natural response to arousal) and the surgery has a very high rate of complications. According to one meta-study, the patient's body rejected the inflatable implant at least once in  just over half of all FtM phalloplasties."
738,,666777101,"I honestly don't know. The peron I spoke to about it said that there's some sort of pump involved so that the peen becomes erect, then when you're done u just deflate it. I don't know any more than that, I don't care to research it tbh"
739,,ABeerAndCheer,Please share. I'm curious.
740,,666777101,"I dunno you know.. for me, if they have physically transitioned and the person recognizes the glaringly obvious differences between bio and trans and doesn't have the delusional 'trans women/men are real women/men!' sentiment, I have no problem using their preferred pronouns. That's probably going to be an unpopular opinion on here, but oh well."
741,,NerdBrenden,"That’s crazy. I’m a gay dude and we do NOT LIKE VAGINA.

the guys that do are not gay!"
742,,cerseiridinglugia,The thought of a female pretending to be a gay man is so funny
743,,cerseiridinglugia,"Crazy right? It's almost like I was sharing a personal experience

EDIT: I understood it the wrong way sorry!! I think I'm just used to receiving negativity when talking about these topics so i'm always tensed with responses"
744,,grass-fed_quinoa,https://fairplayforwomen.com/pronouns/
745,,RetlaOge,"That's kind of the point - make it confusing enough that you just ""okay fine whatever you want"" to make them shut up."
746,,AbhorrentIngestion,"Thank you so much for showing me to this sub, it's been a very interesting read! They've been accused of being a hate sub by many members of the trans community, unsurprisingly. Not agreeing to their agenda = hate"
747,,JudqeJudithSheindlin,Thankyou.
748,,,[removed]
749,,villanelle23eve,"It's so curved, it's straight!
There must be a maths meme for this"
750,,harley_jarvis,Oh god. I like dicks but the idea that it is inflated makes me want to vomit.
751,,mamakia,Inflatable 😳😟
752,,NerdBrenden,"“Hold in, hold on! Let me turn on my balloon!”

Is the least sexy thing someone could say when you’re about the have sex with a lady..."
753,,ABeerAndCheer,So how does this said person climax? genuinely curious...
754,,Asdy-67,🤢🤢🤢
755,,lavenderamethyst,"You do whatever you want.  But this is one of the few places where we aren’t compelled to speak falsely.  “She” is just the word that we use when we’re talking about females. It’s just a fact. And you can respect someone in all the exact same ways while still acknowledging that fact.  Words should mean things, and that words should mean things should not be used as a bargaining chip to prove niceness."
756,,tigersharkchomp,"Unless surgical mutilation is what you mean, “transition” doesn’t exist. Caving in to their pronoun demands numbs our thinking and dulls our defenses. It is harmful and reduces sex to “gender expression.”"
757,,grass-fed_quinoa,"So you don't stand in solidarity with women?

You approve of and engage in misogyny when you feel someone has earned it enough?"
758,,Jarl_of_Ireland,"And I'm a lesbian and we don't like dick. Whether ""ladydick"" or ""mandick""....a dick is a dick and it ain't welcome in my life."
759,,gayorles57,I think they meant “me me me” about the straight couple in your story?
760,,grass-fed_quinoa,"Dramatic much?

They were talking about your FTM friend. Chill out."
761,,treecutter69,The sidebar of ActualLesbians says lesbians who reject TIMs because of their penis are shallow. Written by a trans. None of them do this? Ok.
762,,harley_jarvis,"Dude all you have to do is spend one day looking at trans subreddits. It's like a whole reddit drama right now. Like, there are hundreds of screenshots of trans people saying exactly what you say they don't say.

Comments like this one are EXTREMELY common, but discussions often get removed:

""If the lesbians who don’t like dick see a post about lesbians who like dick (girl dick only obv) then they can ignore it. They need to work through their “knee jerk reaction” bcuz it can become a transphobic reaction real quick.""
(https://www.removeddit.com/r/actuallesbians/comments/d88vmp/can_we_try_to_do_something_about_the_terf_problem/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)

AKA it's transphobic to not want my penis.

Seriously, you should read into this more. You're talking out of your ass here."
763,,Ergative_Absolutive,"https://terfisaslur.com/cotton-ceiling/

~~For many years, until the big blow-up last week, actuallesbians linked [this post](https://archive.is/iO8AP) on the sidebar.~~ Actually, they took it down briefly, but it's back up; this shit is *still* the official policy of bring/AL. The author of the post concedes that no one *has* to date transwomen, but makes it clear that if you don't date transwomen, it reflects poorly on your character:

>You aren't into penii *[sic]*. I get it, and for what it's worth neither am I. To be fair, many trans women who carry that particular anatomical burden are not big fans of it either, so you have that in common at least. But many trans women don't, and many of those who do won't for long. **Be careful about using this biased sample to rule out all trans women.**

>Also, **would you rule someone out because she had six toes?** Whenever I hear a straight man ask how sex works in the absence of a penis, I feel sorry for his girlfriends/wife, because he clearly doesn't understand how sexytimes work; **when I hear a lesbian rule out trans women because of the presence of a hidden penis I feel sorry for her partner, because how superficial is that?**

So yeah. There is actually immense, ubiquitous pressure on lesbians to be open to dating transwomen, and you clearly don't know what the fuck you're talking about."
764,,ForsakenProfession,"You're a male.  What the hell do you know about women and those who pretend they are (other men)?

Women know--so butt out."
765,,,[deleted]
766,,,I can see it as an asymptotic curve approaching a straight line
767,,," The fact that they're shaped from arm/leg skin is also not appealing. And the idea of urethra rerouting so they can pee standing up. It's all so... dehumanizing. Like if your pet passed away and someone in Taxidermy offered to 'help'. Logically the more you like penis, the *less* you'd actually like sex with inflatable arm/leg skin with a urethra routed through."
768,,meezerface,I'm laughing imagining one with a puncture.
769,,666777101,"I guess it would just be like a dildo attached to a person, literally"
770,,666777101,I don't think they can? Kinda pointless really..
771,,crittimes,"The nerves from the clitoris are attached to the base of the neophallus, and sexual sensation returns 6-9 months after surgery. There is a risk that sensation will not return but most FTM report increased libido and being more orgasmic, alhough they say the orgasms feel different.

Below is from an older article so I'm not sure what advances have been made. I'm also not sure what to make of the last two sentences of the abstract. The study itself requires payment to read. [Found ironic (?) typo in lead sentence.]

Orgasm in the postoperative transsexual.

Lief HI, et al. Arch Sex Behav. 1993.

Show full citation

Abstract

The dearth of information regarding organism [sic] in postoperative transsexuals prompted the authors to study its prevalence. The sample consisted of 14 male-to-female (M-F) and 9 female-to-male (F-M) postoperative transsexuals. The relationship of orgasm to sexual and general satisfaction was explored via a specially designed questionnaire. Orgastic capacity declined in the M-F group and increased in the (F-M) group. Despite the decrease in orgasm in the M-F group, satisfaction with sex and general satisfaction with the results of surgery were high in both groups. General satisfaction of 86% replicates other studies. Frequency of sex increased by 75% in the M-F group and by 100% in the F-M group. A phalloplasty does not appear to be a critical factor in orgasm or in sexual satisfaction. The general conclusion is reached that it is possible to change one's body image and sexual identity and be sexually satisfied despite inadequate sexual functioning."
772,,amselmama,I think they try and attach the neophallus somewhat to the clitoris and I know Balian Bushbaum has talked about 'having sex as a man' but I honestly can't imagine it working
773,,666777101,"Yh I agree that words should mean things, that's why I always make the distinction when speaking factually. If it's just everyday conversation kinda stuff I will use a trans persons preferred pronouns.

If we were talking about serious stuff like I dunno.. whether trans-women should be put in women's prisons, if they should be allowed to compete as women in sports, stuff like that.. then yeah I will tell it like it is and point out the fact that they are trans-women, not women."
774,,bbgirlaaliyah,I think we can be critical of gender and still not make a point at the expense of embarrassing or making someone uncomfortable. Come on.
775,,666777101,"Obviously I do. I am a woman. Why is this all being put on me? What do you want me to do, harass trans people in the street? If somebody asks me my views, I'll tell them, simple.

At work, of course I'm not going to use someone's 'undesired' pronouns just to prove some point and get my dumb ass fired, I can't afford to do that, I need pay for stuff just like everyone else."
776,,NerdBrenden,I cannot believe they try to shame women into wanting their MALE dick. It’s disgusting.
777,,cerseiridinglugia,"My bad then

Drag my dumb ass"
778,,cerseiridinglugia,"I misunderstood it lmao, not easy being both dumb and french"
779,,,[removed]
780,,Jarl_of_Ireland,Men defending the perverse leanings of other men.....
781,,,[deleted]
782,,harley_jarvis,"Lol. Become trans man, still queef"
783,,harley_jarvis,I would rather have the dildo tbh
784,,lavenderamethyst," Except that a dildo can be reliably sturdy. The inflatable penises don’t have a lot of strength or resilience to pressure or friction. They are very delicate, mostly cosmetic constructions.."
785,,ABeerAndCheer,So why have sex at all...?
786,,sgtssin,So its like volontary FGM? Horrible that we go there.
787,,RetlaOge,So they get off more because they've fulfilled their fetish fantasy?
788,,nobodysbuddyboy,Is it possible the increased libido is mainly due to all the testosterone?
789,,TryingforMighty,"I think you should go and read the essay ""Pronouns are Rohypnol."""
790,,lavenderamethyst," For you, do you use factually incorrect language, suppressing the truth that you know, as some sort of reward for the trans person?"
791,,earthgarden,"...so whether or not you tell the truth is context-dependent, hmmmmm. Interesting

Would you call Rachel Dolezal black?"
792,,tigersharkchomp,"Sure there are some instances at work, etc. that being openly gender critical might risk your livelihood. I understand women who are under that situation. But in spaces like this subreddit, there’s no reason to cave in to delusional people’s feelings. “Being nice can’t hurt” brought women to this point. You can’t pretend that Earth is flat or God is going to smack down on gays to make your Christian friends comfortable. Likewise, you can’t pretend males can be females or females can be males for your mentally ill friend. I won’t go in dysphoric people’s face and stress that they’re male/female but I also won’t kowtow and pretend they’re what they’re not."
793,,grass-fed_quinoa,"Nobody's forcing you to work there. If you disagree morally, seek another position."
794,,Jarl_of_Ireland,The things I heard from men when growing up are being echoed by the trans community and woke leftists. Sexual orientation is NOT a choice.
795,,Max-1995,"There’s a minority of people without dysphoria wearing the label “trans” as a get out of jail free card. Those are the ones who are (generally, there’s bound to be some dysphoric people too) demanding sex from lesbians and suggesting that not liking penis is “gynophilia”- a perverse attraction to female genitalia as opposed to the female sex- and that lesbians should re-examine that.

If you don’t see why that’s a problem, you’re blind. Lesbians have to overcome compulsory heterosexuality, and imagine overcoming the hardest hurdle to accepting who you are, and then someone from inside your own house (lgbt community) says what sounds like the exact same thing. Here’s a helpful script.

SOCIETY: You have to like dick, sleep with men.

LESBIAN: I’ve tried to overcome it but I just don’t like dick, I quite like women, actually. I think I’ll date women from now on.

LGBT COMMUNITY: You like women? That’s great. These women have dicks and you have to be open to sleeping with them because they are more vulnerable than you and women can have dicks.

LESBIAN: Actually I just like vulva. I don’t want to be involved with a dick.

LGBT COMMUNITY: WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU’RE SAYING? You can’t say that!! There’s plenty of ways to have sex without PIV penetration, you know!

And just real quick? Most of us have experienced this phenomenon. So I don’t understand where you get off, thinking you can come into our place and tell us how our experiences work. We have conversations here. We don’t just TELL each other how things are, that’s it, no other opinions."
796,,Asdy-67,"How do you know what “transbians” do or not do when sexually pursuing a woman when you’re not the one they’re pursuing? That’s like telling black people racism doesn’t exist because you personally haven’t experienced it as a white person.

Also, get the fuck out of our space. We don’t need a brainwashed fool who’s drank the “feels > reals” koolaid so hard to mansplain to us that our experiences didn’t happen and the misogyny/rape culture prominent within the TIM community doesn’t exist."
797,,AutumnLeavesInC,"Off topic, but I disagree. I’m not vegan but I love that Luna  and Larry’s coconut milk based ice cream. It’s anything but disgusting!"
798,,,"Yep, it would feel much more sanitary. especially after the pictures I've seen of necrotic tissue, blood blisters, pus, infections on them. Whatever, just being honest."
799,,,And your body doesn't try to reject the dildo
800,,666777101,"I guess for a trans-man it's better than having a vag, right?"
801,,ABeerAndCheer,Voluntary FGM....imagine the privilege you have to have to be able to do this...while women in 3rd world countries have been trying to fight against this for ages.
802,,crittimes,"Sure, many trans people may be more comfortable with their sexuality after transition and therefore more responsive and open. TIFs are taking testosterone which will boost sex drive and with nerves retained from clitoris, which is twice as enervated as penis, it makes physiological sense that TIFs are more sexually satisfied post surgery. I wish it were less sexually rewarding in terms of social consequences but at least I understand transitioning more, given this information.

The bright point of what I read was that some TIMs will only masturbate rather than seek out sexual partners, due to the complexity of their genital situation. I honestly do feel badly for them but am relieved that the conflict of having TIMs pushing for sexual acceptance in lesbian social spaces may be lessened by some TIMs choosing to take things into their own hands. Sorry, I'm a pragmatist."
803,,nonpenishaver,That's my thought.
804,,Thatstealthygal,"I suspect as much. A TIF I know wrote on their blog, after starting T, that they were totally floored by how horny they were. Like, constantly horny. I gather it settles down a bit."
805,,666777101,"No, it's just that if they've gone through all that trouble to pump themselves full of hormones and alter their body to the point where they are no longer recognisable/resemble the sex that they were born as, it seems a bit stupid to go on calling them by pronouns that seem so far from that person's original form. That's the way I see it anyway, I guess maybe a small part of me is rewarding them a little bit then.. but a trans-man with a full beard, flat chest and deep voice is no longer a woman to me, soo.. we have to call them something."
806,,666777101,Lol no
807,,bbgirlaaliyah,Yo we are totally on the same page! That’s why I’m here. I just mean I don’t want to argue to someone who is dysphoric to their face. I’m in a humanities masters program rn that includes gender studies (blech ) so there are many people that I have to address by plentiful pronouns. The first day of class we had to wear name tags with our pronouns on them. It’s tiresome. (I didn’t fill my pronouns in as a tiny personal protest. ) anyways just sayin there’s appropriate behaviors to follow regarding individuals vs the issue of gender widely? Idk it’s 2 am and my brain is on half power.
808,,666777101,"Yh, in an Ideal world I guess we could all just quit our jobs whenever we don't agree with a colleague's views ¬\_¬"
809,,Asdy-67,I don’t think it’s a minority. The “genital preference” = TERF/Literal violence thing is quickly becoming their mainstream ideology
810,,Jarl_of_Ireland,Biological facts dont care about your hurt feelings. Men are men. Women are women. Trans people are a category of their own....
811,,harley_jarvis,"But you're not an ice cream maker or critic or whatever...my point was more that if you are an enthusiast about something, you are more likely to want very authentic and high quality thing, rather than an imitation.

There are vegan brands that are really good and definitely hit the spot. But if you're being a purist, they're not ice cream. Just like TIFs don't really have penises."
812,,lavenderamethyst,">but a trans-man with a full beard, flat chest and deep voice is no longer a woman to me

 So, to clarify, to you what a woman is comes down to appearance?"
813,,666777101,Okokok
814,,Jarl_of_Ireland,So there are some delusions you dont encourage then....
815,,Jarl_of_Ireland,"And its seeping over into the ""woke left"" lexicon. The mantras of ""transwomen are women and transmen are men"" reminds me of being brainwashed in the catholic church with slogans, phrases and false dichotomies.
Transwomen are trans. Transmen are trans. Women are women and men are men. Biology 101. And this is from a fucking genetic researcher and biologist."
816,,Max-1995,"That’s the issue, isn’t it? There is a very small minority of “actually trans” people with dysphoria and no real want to participate in the absolute shitshow their movement has become. And then there’s this massive majority of men masquerading as trans for attention or more nefarious reasons, and they’re making all the publicity!"
817,,Pixiante,"I find it's better if you don't think of it as ice cream.

Similarly, I guess the newdick is better if you think of it as arm"
818,,666777101,"No, obviously not. I'm just saying it would feel weird for me to refer to a person with those qualities as a woman? Would it not for you?"
819,,666777101,"I don't encourage delusions, I tolerate them in settings where I think it would be inappropriate for me to interrogate the person, for example at work. Maybe you see that as encouraging..

I have no issue questioning/challenging trans people in my free time though.

So what about you? Do you speak the truth all day everyday no matter the setting or whether you were asked for your opinion?"
820,,harley_jarvis,press x to doubt.meme
821,,lavenderamethyst," I was just confused because the type of hair on your face, and your voice and, the size of your breasts are appearance things.

 I often interact with TIFs, as colleagues and clients. And every time I’m forced to say “he” there’s this metal grating sound inside my head. So, no.  When I see them I see a woman with a lot of self-hatred, and I have so very much compassion for them even when they’re acting like fucking assholes. But I can only have that compassion for them because I know they’re women who have internalized  so much misogyny that they’ve tried to cut it out, cover it up, or poison it away."
822,,,"What if they asked to be referred to as a woman? You know there are people that physically 'transition' but still retain sexed pronouns, right?

https://streamable.com/tq514

There is nothing wrong with being a feminine male. There is nothing wrong with being a masculine female. Sexed pronouns help us establish reality and prevent us from perpetuating harmful gender roles."
823,,Jarl_of_Ireland,"I speak what I feel. I'll say whatever pronouns you want, but have been very vocal in the fact that there are areas and spaces where men are not welcome. Whether they have fake boob implants or not. A womens domestic abuse shelter or rape shelter is NOT the place for transwomen. An all-womens team is also not the place for them. I'll call you whatever bullshit you want to be called, but once you infringe on my space (I'm a lesbian rape surviver) then you can take your xy chromosomes and fuck right off."
824,,AutoModerator,"Welcome to Reddit's most active feminist community! This is a [women-centered, radical feminist subreddit](https://redd.it/934i4y) to discuss gender from a critical, feminist perspective. [If you’re new to gender critical feminism, please familiarize yourself with some of these resources](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/resources#wiki_great_resources_for_people_new_to_gender_critical_feminism).

Please follow [the rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules) and consider if your submission is appropriate for this sub or if it should be posted to a [sister subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/sistersubreddits). See our [dictionary of common terms](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/dictionary) if you’re unfamiliar with lingo.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GenderCritical) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
825,,heidischallenge,"THIS IS THE BEST

“Self-identification does not erase physiological reality,” stated Jay Cameron, the Justice Centre’s Litigation Manager, and counsel for the estheticians. “Our clients do not offer the service requested. No woman should be compelled to touch male genitals against her will, irrespective of how the owner of the genitals identifies.”"
826,,normaraae,">An expert in genital waxing testified at the hearing, informing the Tribunal that estheticians who are not trained in male genital waxing should not attempt to wax a penis and scrotum due to the risk of serious injury to the customer.  The expert also testified that the necessary prolonged manipulation of a client’s penis and scrotum often results in sexual arousal and a request for sexual services.  The expert said her salon’s refusal to provide sexual services has resulted in name calling, intimidation and customer requests to masturbate in her salon.

Even at this late stage, it is periodically still *shocking* to me, how gross many men are. Just... damn.

Really glad some minor sanity prevailed for these women. I hope some of them can restart their businesses (if they feel able). I'm sure this was a horrible experience for all of them."
827,,BoudiccaReturns,"> The Tribunal ordered costs against Yaniv in the amount of $2000.00 payable to each of Ms. Benipal, Ms. DaSilva, and Mrs. Hehar Gill.

Not nearly enough, honestly. They should have figured out how much income the women lost(especially Ms Benipal whose business closed) and then given that pervert a bill. Not that I expect it'd get paid, but Yaniv's benefits and paypal donations being garnished for years to come would be a strong message."
828,,Feminazcabooby,The sun is shining a little brighter and the birds are singing a little sweeter and I hope he accidentally rips off some of his pubes with a sanitary napkin.
829,,NoctaeBride,"> What is significant in Mrs. Hehar’s case is the degree to which she is vulnerable and, as such, fits the profile of vulnerable women that have predominantly found themselves to be the targets of Ms. Yaniv’s complaints.

Well well well well well. Well! Once again, something we've been warning people about would happen since this shit started: TiMs getting off on targeting vulnerable women. I couldn't have said this any better myself."
830,,PollyannaPenny,"I am pleasantly surprised. I honestly thought Canada would rule in favor of Yaniv to protect their trans inclusive policies

&#x200B;

I want to believe this will set a precedent. But, sadly, it seems that Canadian and other left wing news outlets are just scrambling to bury this story. They're praying that Yaniv just goes away so they can continue to pretend that all TiMs are asexual, harmless angels and that the threat of straight ""cis"" men using the trans label as a trojan horse is a bigoted conspiracy theory"
831,,CruelEnnui,">Ms. Yaniv argues that a brazilian wax is the removal of hair between the belly button and the anus, regardless of the genitals involved. The Represented Respondents argued that a brazilian wax is a commonly understood industry term which refers to the removal of hair in this region of a person with a vulva. They distinguish it from a “brozilian” or “manzilian”, which is the removal of all hair in this region from a person with a scrotum. Ms. Yaniv strongly objects to these terms on the basis that she is a woman and not a “bro” or a “man”.

&#x200B;

> She says that it is common industry practice for certain businesses to restrict their services to “women” (meaning persons with a vulva) or “men” (meaning persons with a penis and scrotum).

This sounds like satire. How is this *not* satire?

^(edit: added something.)"
832,,,[deleted]
833,,,"A great outcome and the award of costs is excellent news.

Have scanned through the decision though, and the reasoning in the arm and leg waxing section is awful - no consideration for the vulnerability of the women offering the service or that they may not want to visit the home of a strange man. If not for Yaniv's abhorrent behaviour, it looks like the tribunal would have found against those two women.

And of course the decision is peppered with gems like ""a person with a vulva"" and ""I have explained that the Respondents’ assumption that she was a man, even if it was wrong"", etc."
834,,kasurimethi,Honestly a bit surprised that sanity prevailed in Tranada 🙄
835,,Deathofaflourist,I’m not even religious but I’d like to thank god
836,,veronyca73," **“Self-identification does not erase physiological reality,”**

&#x200B;

THANK YOU!!!!"
837,,ns_for_work,Thank god. Glad they won
838,,punchkitty,"\*standing ovation\*

No one wants to touch your nasty dick!"
839,,steppe_dweller,"Good for them! I'm often pleased and surprised by how often people charged with applying the law actually do apply the law and aim for justice, in spite of social forces and prejudices. This is good."
840,,somegenerichandle,"I watched the trial. He was certainly ""evasive and argumentative""! These women's businesses have suffered dearly from the bad press. I wonder how the estheticians who settled feel."
841,,,Feels good to win one
842,,antikvariaatti,Oh thank goodness. I mean he should be in jail but this is something.
843,,flapyourwings,The full decision as linked in the article is excellent reading.
844,,baconbitsy,I’d likes to thanks Canada gooses.  I’m quites sure Canada gooses hads somethings to do with this.
845,,goblinf,"also. the judgement wasn't due until November, interesting it was released earlier. Possibly because Yaniv has been issuing new cases left right and centre (or claiming to do so on social media) and I suspect they wanted to stem the tide of stupidity and entitlement.


woah! SIXTY ONE PAGE JUDGEMENT!!! Yikes! still from the JCCF press release, looks like Yaniv is in for severe criticism."
846,,,This is a win but I’m disgusted that Canada even entertained the idea of forcing women to handle male genitalia.
847,,womenopausal,#*Booyah!!*
848,,Brunette_Lady,I'm beaming. This makes me so happy.
849,,KatsuandKewpie,SANITY! Great news for women! Fuck JY and his narcissistic delusions.
850,,foundoutaug2019,Rarely do I feel such primal relief at a news story.
851,,flabinella,"This makes me 🤮
I wonder how that guy is able to sue her. It should be the other way around. She should sue him for sexual harassment."
852,,limepicklepot,I've looked at his Twitter for the first time and I cannot believe it's not satire.
853,,thekeeper_maeven,"They also ruled in favor of the women who refused to wax his armpits - recognizing that there was a pattern of targeting poor, immigrant women. :)"
854,,Inquiseeetor,Finally some good news for a change!
855,,Calamity_loves_tacos,Im happy about this but annoyed with the low amount Yaniv has to pay. Had he won im sure hed be getting like 50k from each woman. Yet they have actual losses of businesses etc and get a measly 2k each. Hoping they sue his ass.
856,,daughter_of_bilitis,Wow - this is good news!
857,,RadicalFemale,Damn straight!
858,,gruene-teufel,One small victory
859,,mercuryreborn,"The spa I worked at (in addition to vajazzling, which is ridiculous) had one or two men a year come in for a Brazilian wax (a manzilian, also ridiculous) until the waxer refused. It was just to off putting. The service was dropped. WHAT'S THE APPEAL OF HAVING A WAXED BALL SACK?!?! That would have to be super painful."
860,,goblinf,Good. Sanity and reality begins to prevail...
861,,XavierInTheForest,"...And suddenly a shitty day became a whole lot better :).

Just wish more people all over the world knew about this."
862,,DangerousJellyfish,"Glad to hear it, just kind of weirded out that the JCCF did it. They defended the UAlberta pro-life club when they wanted to hold a big, gory, horrific demo in the middle of main quad (which was thoroughly anti-protested, including by yours truly). They seem to be suspiciously right leaning. Unfortunate that they were the only ones that would take this- but again, SO glad this case turned out the way it did."
863,,shapesofthesea,Thank god! I’m glad there is some sense in the world. This shouldn’t have even have been a question.
864,,YesPleaseMadam,This made me very very happy. Yaniv is usually my go to story to help other friends that are about to peak and a win is greatly appreciated.
865,,sweetestlorraine,"In the interest of justice, I think part of the judgment against Yaniv should be an edict that he find a willing vendor and actually have his man parts waxed. Vigorously."
866,,WillTheMadnessEnd,There could be no other result.... the case should have thrown out to start with.  At least it sets a precedent of a sort.
867,,girlmayor,YESSSSSS FOR SANITY
868,,witheredsoul93,score 1 for humanity
869,,lacerta_regina,Fk yes!
870,,fanofswords,God is good.
871,,earthgarden,SANITY PREVAILS
872,,Nona_Biba,thank goodness!
873,,IlIlIlIlIIIIllllll,"Jessica Yaniv is a fucking creep. The first girl that accused him of abuse was named Jessica, soon after he stole her name.

His mom is a judge, so he'll likely never have to face consequences for his creepy behavior. He loves to message teen girls and ask them personal details about their periods."
874,,Beaverdam11,"""But Cusineau said there were mitigating factors as well: her politeness and deferential behaviour throughout the hearings, and the ""torrent of backlash and hatred"" she has already faced in bringing forward her complaints.
""I am satisfied that $6,000 strikes the right balance in expressing the Tribunal’s condemnation of Ms. Yaniv’s conduct while not exacting too harsh a punishment on her,"" Cousineau wrote in her decision.
Yaniv declined to comment on the story when contacted by CTV News on Tuesday.

Her ""politeness"" during the proceedings was a mitigating factor??? How disgusting."
875,,Tintinikongo,DroptheT
876,,doobeedoo661,"It’s wonderful news. Goes to show how carefully a predator like Janiv vets his prey. Had he set his sights on harassing a different kind of ethnic family, he’d probably still be in a wheel chair. Congratulations to the ladies and their families."
877,,Anne-Lister,"Can Canadians confirm something - my impression is that sex is not a protected characteristic under Canadian law, is that correct? The judgement seems to find in favour of the women because Yaniv was motivated by racism and because their religion prohibits them from touching men.

Whilst I'm glad that these women won, the way they won seems a dangerous precedent as it states that it's specifically because he wanted a genital wax rather than an arm or leg wax that they were right to refuse him. So essentially it seems to be saying both a) a white atheist woman would have lost this case and b) women working from home have no right to refuse male clients for non-intimate wax services."
878,,AggressiveConcert5,To anyone thinking expressing gender critical views on their personal social media this is a great article to post.
879,,,i was here
880,,megneto,"Thinking about this ruling for a bit- it’s like if I decided because a clinic was promoting the importance of prostate exams and I go in and get mad they won’t perform one of me because I don’t have the plumbing.
Gonna go sue a doctor now, thanks for the idea!!!"
881,,AYetiDrivingASubaru,Thank the Goddess! 💜
882,,hamsterfamily,Reading the judgement itself it sounds like the judge left it open that others could force nongenital waxing. Only jy can't because he targets vulnerable women vendictavely.
883,,Paddlingmyboat,Thank goodness! Sanity at last.
884,,daughersmom,best news i've heard all day!
885,,Themidir,What even is TRAs opinion on this shit show
886,,bone-tomahawk,HA!
887,,savannahm89,"He's fkn ridiculous. A whiny, spoilt little brat of a man."
888,,LucyWColitisGoesBy,"And of course all the stalker sub has to say is how we're meanies or not giving a damn about this predator's lady fee fees and pronouns. Fuck off dudebros. Yaniv is exactly the kind of person you represent. From the idiocy of self id to the forcing of women to touch his body parts to the forcing of people to uphold his delusions or face financial penalties, he's the perfect example of what happens when laws the TRAs want are imposed on society."
889,,ResponsibleDistance,"This is incredible news, wahooo!"
890,,A_Ahlquis,Sanity prevails.
891,,OrneryStruggle,I think this is not especially great news because the ruling leaves it wide open for the next person who wants to bring a similar claim who isn't quite as publicly racist.
892,,trawid2016,I saw on another site that a spa that specializes in trans waxing offered their services to him and he refused.
893,,Caranda23,"Link to the Tribunal's reasons for decision:

https://www.jccf.ca/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/222_Yaniv_v_Various_Waxing_Salons_No_2_2019_BCHRT_222.pdf"
894,,aapanag6,What a fucking precedent. Over the moon with this news!
895,,CompostYourFoodWaste,YES!!!!
896,,purrfekt,Excellent! This is a good day.
897,,Lily194,This is some great news.
898,,greenjeanjacket,Why isn’t this being covered by any US news outlet?
899,,,[removed]
900,,,I wouldn't wanna wax a pedo either
901,,,[removed]
902,,9991991991991999,"How was this ever a question?

When did we get to a point that someone had to actually decide that a person could not be compelled to touch someone else's genitals?"
903,,siphzed,"Can we now apply that logic to other cases like prisons and rape refuges, maybe bathrooms etc?"
904,,PollyannaPenny,The fact that this shit went to trail to begin with is scary as hell (even if the right people won in the end).
905,,zygophyllaceous,But this should be common sense across the planet.  So ridiculous it has to be said.  Sigh
906,,quasarbar,">No woman should be compelled to touch male genitals against her will,

Cue the TRAs screaming about how penises and testicles are not *male* genitals."
907,,Fitncurly,Fuck yea!  So happy that sanity seems to be prevailing (🤞🏼it’s here to stay)
908,,foundoutaug2019,Brilliant.
909,,AYetiDrivingASubaru,Huzzah!
910,,Beaverdam11,Yesssss!!!!
911,,assword_69420420,"Thank God. I was following this story when it was first coming out and was so disgusted and saddened to hear this piece of shit was taking to take advantage of someone for not wanting to touch his sweaty diackandballs. Btw this person has been proven to be a racist, anti-immigrant asshole, so I wonder if it's any coincidence the woman he chose to harass wasn't a native citizen 🤔🤔"
912,,standingpretty,Yes!!!!!
913,,salt_and_tea,Their expert is spot on. This is actually something that was covered in my cosmetology school instruction and we were informed that if we were not comfortable we were not obligated to learn to do it because it is difficult to do and the risk of creeps is high. Just in case anyone is questioning this quote and whether this shit is really that common.
914,,TAgurl,"I used to wax both men and women. Every man who had genital waxing got an erection. 100%. Most were embarrassed about it and really apologetic, and there are ways as a professional to mitigate it (such as draping). You also typically have the man assist whilst you wax (to hold the skin taut - think scrotal skin); to have them ‘handle’ their junk when it’s erect.

Mostly, getting an erection was an automatic response to being touched. They do not last long, especially once the pain starts (don’t want it to seem as if men have them the entire appointment).

It was not uncommon for a man to try to request more, or to suss out whether you’d offer more. Usually they tried to be subtle about it (they weren’t), but some outright asked, or just started talking sexually. They never tried this at the beginning of the appointment, all asked whilst well into the waxing.

I once had an old guy start commenting on how he loved hot wax dripped on his balls.

Some men outright begged you to ‘finish them off’, and don’t think it’s always the creepy, feral men. I had many extremely attractive men hint or blatantly ask for sexual services. You have to presume that many of these men were partnered.

Didn’t matter whether the salon was highly reputable, or a suburban corner shop, both ends of the spectrum experienced unwanted sexual conduct from men.

Unfortunately, if you’re going to offer intimate waxing for men you must have policies in place to handle these situations as they WILL occur."
915,,quasarbar,">estheticians who are not trained in male genital waxing should not attempt to wax a penis and scrotum due to the risk of serious injury to the customer

That almost makes me feel a little disappointed that the women didn't give him the waxing he demanded.  Almost."
916,,GrassStartersSuck,That’s not how the Human Rights Tribunal works. You’re thinking of how they would calculate damages in a civil action
917,,goblinf,that's ridiculously small. insultingly small. it doesn't cover legal fees never mind loss of business!
918,,AYetiDrivingASubaru,"Not nearly enough but if he skips out on paying, he will be barred from filing more cases until he does."
919,,,"> Not that I expect it'd get paid, but Yaniv's benefits and paypal donations being garnished for years to come would be a strong message.

This is foolish, but I actually can't decide which outcome would make me more angry: Yaniv writing a $6,000 cheque like it was no big deal and waltzing away from this whole mess . . . or the women never collecting because he's broke."
920,,anchovycupcakes,Yanniv is such an absolute piece of shit.
921,,Bob177,Keep in mind that this was just *one* of the businesses Yaniv went after.  He pulled this scam at a dozen other places - working the system and suing people for not waxing his genitals was a business for him.
922,,girlmayor,I laughed so damn hard :D<3
923,,Starksbaine,Don't you hate it when that happens?
924,,she_roes,Now that's why I heard birds this morning!
925,,ChillAnxious,It hardly got any coverage at all in the States.
926,,steppe_dweller, Canada has very few left wing news outlets. We do have a few but I seriously doubt that you have ever heard of them.
927,,cfinboston,"Since the reproductive rights community is now saying ""folks who need abortion"" and ""folks that menstruate"", the aesthetician industry should just promote businesses as servicing ""folks with penis"" or ""folks with vagina""."
928,,gencritthrowwww,I honestly think he was just trying to see how far he could go.
929,,quasarbar,">Ms. Yaniv strongly objects to these terms on the basis that she is a woman and not a “bro” or a “man”.

Women aren't bras, but okay.

This seems more satirical than actual satire."
930,,PollyannaPenny,"Whenever I bring the Yaniv story up to TRAs and their handmaidens, they either say, *""but he's not REALLY trans""* or *""you can't judge all trans-women based on one bad person! You wouldn't judge all women because one female did something evil, would you!?""*

&#x200B;

They don't seem to understand that the trans inclusive laws they champion are exactly what empowered Yaniv to use the Canadian government to punish immigrant women for the ""crime"" of refusing to touch his genitals. And that he used the Protected Class status of trans-women to evade punishment/judgement for doing shit that would have landed anyone else in jail. It doesn't matter if 99% of TiMs are saints. The point still stands that these laws empower shady men to do exactly what Yaniv did; and that problem needs to be acknowledged and addressed.

Yaniv is only catching heat for this because his Lady LARP is so cartoonishly pervy and gross that even hardcore activists like Morgane Oger had to publicly distance themselves from him. Can you imagine how many AGPs are pulling similar shit and we're just not hearing about it because those other men aren't total morons who broadcast every creepy thing they do like Yaniv does?"
931,,PollyannaPenny,"> If not for Yaniv's abhorrent behaviour, it looks like the tribunal would have found against those two women.

This is a ***VERY*** good point.

I honestly believe that the only reason Yaniv lost this case was because he's a cartoonishly creepy freak who broadcasted his intentions to screw over immigrant women, blatantly lied in court, has a documented history of sexually predatory behavior, attracted international attention/embarrassment with his antics, and basically embodies every negative stereotype of an AGP we can think of.

If Yaniv wasn't a total moron who left receipts of his bad behavior all over the internet; he probably would have won this case."
932,,swspecial,It was his racism and him getting permanently documented on places like the farms that sunk him. Not so much the sexism underlying his behavior. And that makes me uncomfortable.
933,,,"However, /r/Tranada was pretty quick to remove my link to this article"
934,,BettySueMcCormick,"only kind of. it’s because Yaniv is just so mind-bogglingly bad at his hobby of harassing women and girls (and also, it appears, because of the use of clear language in defining certain services). if he had the barest hint of skill at dissembling or covering his tracks, we’d be reading a different decision.

this should stand as a sort of caution sign, I think. *attention: you ladies got lucky.* next time, there will be a skilled and sympathetic manipulator. no one will have thought they needed to specify who they meant (or itemize body parts) when they said “women.” they’ll learn that ignorance of the new language, which they didn’t even realize they were speaking, is no excuse."
935,,PollyannaPenny,"&#x200B;

LOL. I'm gonna have to steal ""Tranada"" from you."
936,,anonymousmarxist,this will set a good precedent for female rights. thank f\*\*\*
937,,quasarbar,How does this need said?
938,,trebeckface,*standing ovulation*
939,,girlmayor,Is it online anywhere do you know?
940,,randycanyon,"Yeah, and continue the hearing to include *which side* of jail."
941,,SunsetClouds,Is this a reference to something? Because Canada geese are the absolute meanest birds you'd ever come across. Assholes.
942,,bone-tomahawk,If you've got a problem with Canada gooses you've got a problem with me!
943,,ceba19,"I just had a look and while I’m happy to say she/her/hers, I can’t believe she is claiming to have pms, and posting pictures of angry cartoon ovaries. That’s just plain impossible."
944,,Loyal_WBW,"Instead of self-ID, let people self-wax."
945,,TerrysChocoOrange,"Are you saying that the waxer refused just because it was ‘too offputting’? And not because they didn’t know how? Men going for a back sack and crack wax isn’t as uncommon as you’re making out, it’s gained steady popularity in the last 15 or so years. Plenty of women like their men hair free it’s not that surprising, and it’s nice that men are more considerate of their partners."
946,,PollyannaPenny,"> Glad to hear it, just kind of weirded out that the JCCF did it. They  defended the UAlberta pro-life club when they wanted to hold a big,  gory, horrific demo in the middle of main quad (which was thoroughly  anti-protested, including by yours truly). They seem to be suspiciously  right leaning.

Like it or not, right wing groups are the only ones with the stones to stand against this trans bullshit. Most mainstream left wing groups are too scared of getting their ""Good Liberal"" card revoked to stand against even obvious bad actors like Yaniv and his insane show trial."
947,,Loyal_WBW,"Oh Canada, can we now says it is official? Jessica is physiologically Yaniv."
948,,Loyal_WBW,Sweet justice.
949,,adaptablekey,"God no, he'd just get off on it, it's the only time his dick will ever be touched, by someone else's hand that it."
950,,yoni_mitchell,His mom is not a judge. She was/is an ER clerk.
951,,QueenRowana,Let's call him Jonathan. It is his name after all.
952,,,"you are correct in that gender identity is protected with higher importance than biological sex here. if they had refused to call him ""she"" he'd probably win the suit."
953,,OrneryStruggle,"Actually, sex is protected under BC human rights law, which is why VRR won their supreme court rulings against Nixon. I think it's less clear in federal human rights law though and the 'trend' is to protect gender ID above all else including race and religion so even if sex is explicitly written into BC human rights law it doesn't mean sex-based rights will actually be protected.


Then again the HRT has an agenda but the actual supreme court of BC is less likely to put up with this kind of silliness since they need to act more like a real court and Yaniv would've been found in contempt of court a long time ago if it weren't the HRT."
954,,DifferentAirGC,They claim Yaniv is not actually trans
955,,trawid2016,It's kind of a busy news day.
956,,girl_undone,">I feel like it’s not yet okay for any form of trans people to fully accept their identities. Society still wants them to live within norms. Should not someone who identifies as female get a service from someone who identifies as a person who touches female genitals for a job? For some reason one of these identifies is placed above the other. Our society has so far to go.

Shit these people say."
957,,nini551,That's a compliment coming from an incel.
958,,froggertwenty,"When it became politically incorrect to *not* touch someone else's genitals against your will....

Holy shit I can't believe I can honestly type that"
959,,PollyannaPenny,"

>How was this ever a question?
>
>When  did we get to a point that someone had to actually decide that a person  could not be compelled to touch someone else's genitals?

Yaniv was able to do this because he claimed genital waxing was necessary ""gender affirming care"". So these salon workers were literally killing his inner woman by refusing to give him a ""lady wax"".

&#x200B;

Never mind the fact that the VAST majority of actual females never get a genital wax (so it's not needed for any dude's Lady LARP). And never mind the fact that these workers typically have the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason such as hygiene, rude behavior, etc. If a man in a dress wants a cosmetic service, suddenly it becomes as vital as cancer treatment and anyone who refuses to do it is a monster."
960,,peregrine_throw,"When trans cult started gaslighting everyone that if he's now a woman, then every  part  of his body is now female, too (hence, girldick and girlballsack are no different to the vulva, just shaped differently.)

At least this negated the concept of girldick. Now, to apply this to gym lockers, spas, etc."
961,,Corn_Powder,Its a question if gender is = sex.  And legally it's leaning towards gender over sex.
962,,Barack_Lesnar,[it's coming faster than we know](https://miro.medium.com/max/500/0*qjEhkS9bSxTygijk)
963,,thelazygit,"Well, maybe it was a good thing that this was brought to court even though the premise seems rather mad to someone not really following the debate at large.

I think it's actually a good thing for everyone to see that blatant bollocks and grievance claims without substance actually face pushback from normal people.

Frankly I don't really know much about what has happened here. But I will say that there seems to be, and have been for some years now, increasing resistance to the idea that absolutely anything can be imposed upon a third party due to nothing more than self_identification.

I think this yaniv person has other issues as well, but maybe it was good that someone so blatantly over the top actually got told to sit the fuck down and stop imposing their personal insanity on their community.

Who knows - maybe this will save the courts time in the future? 🙂"
964,,pissedoff2ndwaver,So no woman should be compelled to touch *female* genitals against her will. Or any genitals.
965,,bed_side_manners,Tobias?
966,,normaraae,I am making the Munch/Scream face right now. WTF.
967,,lovetheliturgy,"I suppose pain is a good way for them to go away. I’ve heard from nurses and a friend, who needed a catheter due to rhabdomyolysis, that hitting the top of the head as hard as is reasonable also makes the erection and unwanted sexual arousal (which my straight friend claims he got as a natural reaction to the male and female nurses touching his part) go away immediately. I suppose waxing could also cause enough pain to make that go away quickly. On a more serious note, it’s a shame that there are so many males out there who think that an erection means they absolutely need to get off."
968,,trawid2016,I don't know how you could stand it. Ugh.
969,,goblinf,"and yet they awarded a LOT more to Oger against Donald wotsit. Not that Oger will see a penny of it, Donald's broke..."
970,,Femlish,Many of these women might have left the profession entirely because of this asshole.
971,,THE_FINAL_PAM_,I feel terribly for those women but that is a pretty big win
972,,PollyannaPenny,I'm pretty sure the only American outlets that covered it are right wing outlets like Fox News and The Daily Wire
973,,Terf_Force_One,Just keep on sharing it. Don't let them censor our victory.
974,,luckyme1315,We’re too busy covering our Russian asset prez...
975,,Loyal_WBW,"Agree. The problem is the self-ID laws and compelled speech — irrespective of the material facts of the situation.

The problem is not men in dresses, not women in pants-made-for-males.

It seems impossible to keep the debate focused where it belongs, on the impact of self-ID laws, the science, the right to disagree, and freedom of speech — not on whether trans people are, in general, predatory/dangerous. We’ve never said that, in general, they are. (Even though the vocal ones and the crime data give us plenty of examples.)"
976,,itcouldve,"So, the biggest sub of Canada is shamelessly censoring information about the 'HR' whatever of BC's decision against pedo-tra jy. Interesting."
977,,MercyFincherson,I can’t even open that sub...
978,,siphzed,"The story does appear to be on /r/canada now with over 1k upvotes, 97% upvoted, and a lot of common sense in the comments.  Of course the mods have locked it and are banning people for 'transphobia'"
979,,WillTheMadnessEnd,So am I :)
980,,veronyca73,"You asking the same questions as I am, sis.

Fuck them balls."
981,,adaptablekey,A certain fruit farm will probably have it...
982,,somegenerichandle,Channel 'Wax Myballs' https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB3MxRIg1Tc3vxvy-2Uluug
983,,baconbitsy,"When I was comings up, you’d even be lucky to even have Canada gooses!"
984,,baconbitsy,Have yous ever seens the Letterkennys?
985,,randycanyon,"They're cool, but when they figured out that they don't have to migrate south (or north) from certain parts of California, well, there's a lot of surplus goose poop around."
986,,baconbitsy,Canada gooses are majestics!
987,,,Why? He's a man
988,,quasarbar,Excuse me. What?
989,,Starksbaine,"I hate to break it to you, but a **very large amount** of trans identified males claim to have PMS and periods. It's in no way unusual."
990,,adaptablekey,"Dude, just call him what he is, an autistic pedo with a fetish."
991,,OrneryStruggle,It's not considerate for either men or women to expect their partners to pour wax on their genitals and rip their hair (and possibly skin) off.
992,,mercuryreborn,"Yes, it bothered her and it wasn't that common of a service in our specific spa. She absolutely knew how, she was just tired of lifting and stretching the sacs of strangers on the off occurrence it happened there. I'm not making it out to be uncommon in general, but I guess that's what you read it as. I said that at our spa, just one of tens of thousands in the country, we didn't do them with any regularity."
993,,ChillAnxious,No wonder we get associated with the alt-right so much.
994,,sweetestlorraine,It's possible you've never experienced a wax treatment.
995,,IlIlIlIlIIIIllllll,"In another thread I saw someone say his mom was a judge. Google isn't show anything, so i believe you are correct. My mistake."
996,,Anne-Lister,"Thanks, that's bonkers and yet unsurprising."
997,,Themidir,Of course...
998,,inusannon,"I love that claim because the first sentence in the introduction of the Human Rights Tribunal report, it states in plain English that Yaniv is on the record as a transwoman lol. They can’t push him away, he belongs to them and their nonsense and their rhetoric incited this harassment."
999,,,[removed]
1000,,9991991991991999,"I cannot understand how this insanity is taken seriously by anyone.

Even if you believe that males can be woman and should be treated as females, it does not logically follow that others must touch their genitals.  ""My penis is a woman's penis"" and ""I think that man is a female/woman"" do not lead to ""you need to touch his genitals"".  Not in any way.  They are unrelated ideas.

People who supported the estheticians here are not trying to ban people from providing services to ""transgender"" customers.  It is not about that.  They can if they want to.  Just as these women can choose not to wax male reproductive organs.  How do these ""trans rights"" people make the leap from ""respect"" and ""validation"" to overriding the rights of others?  It is really sick when you think about it."
1001,,TryingforMighty,I honestly can't believe that you HAD to type that!
1002,,IronArete,"NOT ALL WOMEN ARE WOMEN!

DIVERSITY IS OUR STRENGTH!

INTOLERANCE TOWARDS INTOLERANCE!

""THOSE THOUGHTS ARE HATE SPEECH!!!""

I am all for a liberal melting pot of people, but the direction the crazies have taken it sounds like something out of 1984. I am reminded of George Carlin's quote that fascism would come wrapped in an American flag. Well, that's where we were looking for it. The problem is that some of us looked for it so hard, they cannot see it RIGHT BEHIND THEM.

They're even pushing the idea that we need Ministry of Truth style gatekeeping on the Internet to control wrongthink."
1003,,Barack_Lesnar,"Well I gave my consent for you to touch my penis, you're taking away that power to grant consent from me if you don't touch it."
1004,,Death_Trolley,"> gender affirming care

your need for constant validation does not have force of law"
1005,,Spriggyplayswow,lol lady LARP
1006,,savannahm89,"Not to mention genital waxing came from oh guess who.... Men themselves... and the sick porn they make which normalises shaved genitals on women...and if you're not bare, you're a gross weirdo."
1007,,Deliciously_wired,What does LARP mean?
1008,,salt_and_tea,Yeah that was pretty much all of us during that lesson. We all gave it a hard pass. Like it was enough of a thing that the stories they were sharing with us as examples were things that had happened right there at the school - not even getting into the stuff that happens in waxing salons where it's no doubt more prevalent.
1009,,Beaverdam11,I think by now my face is permanently frozen with that expression.
1010,,Beaverdam11,"They should ""accidentally"" drop some wax right there on the head, then proceed with the removal process of ripping it off claiming there was hair there. That should fix that problem."
1011,,GrassStartersSuck,"Yes they did - but as mentioned in the decision, they weigh various factors to come to an appropriate sum and don’t engage in a lost income calculation"
1012,,girlmayor,"Exactly. Calling us transphobes is intentionally misleading. I have no problem with trans people. They’re more than welcome to do their thing right up until it affects free speech, women, children and medical ethics."
1013,,girl_undone,We were contacted by a current or ex moderator from there a while back. The mods have an agenda.
1014,,TTEH3,I think they're just meaning /r/Canada. Unless I'm being stupid and /r/Tranada exists but is private or something. :p
1015,,adbaculum,Must be fuckin nice!
1016,,SunsetClouds,"Ah, no. Gotcha. That's why I asked if it was a reference; it definitely seemed like I was missing something!"
1017,,Tabasco_Brand,"I'm pretty neutral towards canada geese, but this is the main thing I remember about them. Tons of goose shit on fields."
1018,,baconbitsy,"You know, I saw two Canada gooses mount a swan one time, and you gotta think that swan told her friends about it."
1019,,,[deleted]
1020,,TerrysChocoOrange,It is if they don’t want hair stuck in their teeth.
1021,,OrneryStruggle,"The JCCF is not alt-right, they are very regular right."
1022,,adaptablekey,"It's possible you know nothing about Jonathan...

Oh and yes I've been getting wax treatments since I was 15, that was a very long time ago."
1023,,yoni_mitchell,"No problem, she deleted her linkedin a while ago and her facebook is sparse."
1024,,kabloona,This is Claim Rights (Transgender) vs. Liberty Rights (Gay). Claim rights impose demands on others
1025,,Beaverdam11,The rights of others means fuck all to them. Theirs are the only rights that matter. Such disgusting narcissism.
1026,,froggertwenty,But but but you don't understand! It's not the same when it's for the *goooooooood* ideas! Because I'm right means it's okay!
1027,,RogerStormzy,It even comes complete with newspeak and doublespeak. We are at peak 1984 right now. Certainly further than I ever expected to be. Though I guess we haven't peaked just yet...
1028,,,Hence my username lol
1029,,,Wish that was true in all law
1030,,Thatstealthygal,"It's such a clear indicator of how rapidly culture changes. When I was in the dating pool men LIKED pubes. We all liked them! Porn magazines had pubes in them!

And of course there are cultures where removal of all body hair is the norm for both sexes, for cleanliness reasons rather than porn ones."
1031,,,[deleted]
1032,,PollyannaPenny,"> What does LARP mean?

LARP is an old nerd term meaning ""live action role play"". It mainly refers to people who wear costumes, get together with their friends, and act out their Dungeons&Dragons personas. It also applies to those hardcore people at Renaissance Faires who assume a character like a medieval knight or princess and refuse to break it no matter what (ie they freak out and scream ""WITCHCRAFT"" if you take out your smartphone in their presence).

&#x200B;

Though, unlike TiMs, avid LARPers restrict their roleplay to designated settings/events and don't demand to be treated like Princesses and Kings when going to the grocery store."
1033,,goblinf,true.
1034,,Foltbolt,And that's bullshit.
1035,,randycanyon,Right to swing fist and where it ends. (Others' noses.) A classic.
1036,,FluffySarcasmQueen,"r/Tranada exists, but I can't view it either."
1037,,baconbitsy,We oughta leave this world behind.
1038,,adaptablekey,Dude do you know nothing about him?
1039,,OrneryStruggle,It's fucked up to even consider 'hair stuck in teeth' comparable to 'pouring hot wax on your genitals and ripping it out' lmao.
1040,,sweetestlorraine,Fair enough.
1041,,Starksbaine,"Can't blame her. I feel terribly for her. Imagine having a baby boy, pouring your love and resources into this person, hoping he will grow to be a good man and a valuable member of society and then he turns out like this."
1042,,hardy_and_free,"Can you expand on this? How is wanting, for example, to use a women's restroom if you're male different from wanting to get married? I've never heard of these concepts before."
1043,,Beaverdam11,I think it's even further than Orwell expected it to be.
1044,,savannahm89,What was the reason?
1045,,Deliciously_wired,"Lol, thanks. Makes sense ."
1046,,GrassStartersSuck,"Not really - it’s how the court is set up. It’s on the whole a good thing that the human rights tribunal isn’t set up to pay out huge sums of money. It can be frustrating at times like this, but it’s not the place for civil lawsuits."
1047,,,[removed]
1048,,womenopausal,She's a little bonkers herself. There's video of her threatening violence to a journalist.
1049,,yoni_mitchell,She is a racist and an enabler.
1050,,RogerStormzy,"It's the difference between being allowed to do something legally and forcing someone to do something for you. Gay people weren't allowed to get married by law. They weren't compelling Christian ministers to do the ceremony. Though I might have heard about a crappy lawsuit somewhere to that effect but I can't recall for certain.

Forcing a business owner to allow transwomen into the women's bathroom is actively forcing them to accept the belief that a transwoman is a biological woman or other similar beliefs that you may not agree with.

Gay people want to be free to do what they want. They aren't asking everyone to be forced to make special accommodations for them."
1051,,kabloona,"When Gay rights were fought for it was asking for what everyone else had such as the right to marry. It did not impose any requirements on other groups. Trans rights imposes the requirement to open women's washrooms, refuges, prisons and sports to male bodied people. It take away Women's right to sex based protections. It also imposes a form of compelled speech on people interacting with Trans individuals."
1052,,EnnuiOz,How about you engage your mind and not your ideology? Are you lost?
1053,,,[deleted]
1054,,AdellaiRae,"Shaving ones genitalia makes an adult look prepubescent, like a child.  I always thought that was the point of doing it."
1055,,Foltbolt,"Any system that doesn't punish vexatious cases according to damages done invites vexatious cases and fails to protect its victims.

In point of fact, this is a big deal if you believe in the mandate of HRCs, because if cases like this, which shouldn't have gone this far in the first place, can't hope to provide proper restitution, then why would anyone support it?"
1056,,OrneryStruggle,"I thought this was a radfem forum where we don't subscribe to choicey-choice feminism and discuss the systemic factors that contribute to women's oppression. While some people may genuinely not find it torturous to get their pubic hair ripped out, a vast majority of people do and the fact that women are the overwhelming majority of people getting it done should tell you something.

I object to the idea that it should be considered ""considerate of one's partner"" to get all one's pubic hair ripped out - if people want it done, I'm not stopping them, but this kind of rhetoric normalizing procedures which are potentially dangerous, unnecessary, and fueled by porn isnt productive."
1057,,Tabasco_Brand,"> They weren't compelling Christian ministers to do the ceremony.

This may start to change. It was a question at that democratic inclusion town hall."
1058,,hardy_and_free,"Thanks for the explanation. So how does forcing a baker to make a cake for a gay wedding come into this, as we've seen in the past? It's something everyone has a right to but is forcing someone to do something they don't want to do."
1059,,Starksbaine,"> It did not impose any requirements on other groups.

There's a baker in Colorado who'd disagree with you."
1060,,hardy_and_free,"Ad hominem attacks are my favorite. They're easy to hurl, contribute nothing, and require no thought. Keep 'em comin', sister."
1061,,savannahm89,Yuck
1062,,RogerStormzy,"Well, hopefully not. If anyone at all has a right to religious freedom, it's religious ministers. But we'll probably have to go through the whole SCOTUS didgeridoo before we have a proper answer to the question. Seems fairly simple to me though."
1063,,PassRestProd,"The problem with that specific scenario, the baker, was that they not only walked into a bakery that it was very clear they were Christian-oriented, the couple ended up trying to doxx said baker.

Anyone in the LGB community who knows that story and all its details will tell you that they vehemently disagreed with what the couple did to that business and it’s completely the opposite of everything we stand for... no self-respecting homosexual couple would ever give their money to a business that is vocally against homosexual couples being married; it was specifically to harass these people."
1064,,isoxx,"the supreme court ruling was extremely limited. it primarily ruled on whether the previous court had given an unbiased judgement, and used statements made by the court that suggested they had discriminated against the bakery on basis of religion.

some of the justices did pen secondary opinions that a custom wedding cake is a form of art - since you have to design it - and thus, forcing the bakers to create art celebrating a gay marriage was coercing them to express something they did not believe in. it's been a while since i read the case, so i don't remember all the details, but i believe the bakery offered to sell them a premade wedding cake instead of a custom one, further delineating between 'refusing service' and 'refusing to create art.'"
1065,,Espressopatronumjoe,"1. Didn't the baker win their case?
2. Denying a service to someone because they have a different religious beliefs than you is different than forcing others to police their language, deny sex based protections and touch their genitals."
1066,,KelseyAnn94,Plus that seems like a good fucking way to get your caked spit in.
1067,,ChillAnxious,"My understanding is that it was the other way around, that the baker (if this is the Oregon case) encouraged its supporters to dox and harass the lesbian couple which resulted in them almost having their adoption application rejected?"
1068,,Starksbaine,">Didn't the baker win their case?

Eventually, after having to take it to the US supreme court. But in this situation, both the Colorado courts and the Colorado Civil Rights Commission (CCRC) most certainly attempted to impose requirements on another group. Both the initial ruling and the appeal in Colorado was in favor of the plaintiffs. From the wiki article:

 *The case was decided in favor of the plaintiffs; the cake shop was ordered not only to provide cakes to same-sex marriages, but to ""change its company policies, provide 'comprehensive staff training' regarding public accommodations discrimination, and provide quarterly reports for the next two years regarding steps it has taken to come into compliance and whether it has turned away any prospective customers.""*

Worryingly (in my opinion), SCOTUS did NOT rule that the baker had a right to refuse to create a custom wedding cake for these two gentlemen's wedding. (For what it's worth, the baker never refused to *sell* the couple a cake. He refused to make them a custom cake.) They simply reversed the original rulings based on the CCRC's blatant hostility to the baker's Christianity, which they stated violated his first amendment rights. This leaves the door open for further attempts by woke organizations like the CCRC to impose its ideologies on private citizens.

As an aside, after SCOTUS's ruling, the CCRC decided to drop a second case against this baker, which they had brought after he refused to make a custom cake for a TIM to celebrate his transition.

&#x200B;

> Denying a service to someone because they have a different religious beliefs than you is different than forcing others to police their language, deny sex based protections and touch their genitals.

I'm not arguing that the two cases or situations are all that similar. I was simply arguing against Kabloona's statement that legalization of gay marriage does/did not impose requirements on other groups. Because there were and are quite a few organizations who are using gay marriage to do just that. Gay marriage isn't the problem. I don't even think liberalism is the problem here. It's identity politics and how it fucks us all. It takes anything regarded as ""minority"" and tries to force all of us to worship at its frequently cock-shaped altar.

All that being said, I'd argue that it's beyond absurd that either of these cases were ever even in front of a court. The country of Canada needs a judge to rule that women should not be compelled to touch a man's penis. This is fucking crazy. The US *couldn't even get a court to rule* that a local small time baker can't be forced to bake a cake for a function he doesn't agree with. Not as crazy, but pretty fucking crazy."
1069,,whateverdude3858,Exactly. That's what makes it so dubious. The only ties they have with womanhood are only superficial...
1070,,knight_siegmeyer,">I love caring for children

X to doubt. I've read so many transwidow stories about how their TIM selfish husband turned 'wife' literally did nothing for their kids before or after transition. (one said she couldn't trust him to FEED the baby if she wasn't there) But they'll certainly demand to be called mommy without doing the actual work of being a mother. They're such liars."
1071,,Jo_in_TN,"I'm sure they exist somewhere, but I've never read anything from a TIM claiming how much he loves kids.  I have read many times how much they want the experience of periods, pregnancy, and nursing, though."
1072,,EB1816,"All true except please note, they NEVER say they want to clean all day. Or at least, I have never heard that, ever. It's all about makeup and high heels.  They never crave the boring/negative/passive/drudging aspects of stereotypical femininity. ""I must be a woman because I can't wait to do 95% of the housework, be passive and deferential to men and then make less money than they do even though I'm equally qualified,"" said no TiM ever."
1073,,bad_fem,This concisely puts into words the lingering question I secretly always had as a liberal feminist: What the fuck do clothing and hobby preferences have to do with being a woman or man?!
1074,,TwinPeakMayor,I love pointing out the parallel to gender ideology and race ideology. if the world wants to accept males putting on makeup as females then why are we not accepting Rachel Dolezal as an African American?
1075,,theproblemischemical,"Just to play the devil's advocate, what about TiMs who say something along the lines of ""I'm male and have dysphoria. Socially presenting as female helps alleviate some of that dysphoria which results in an increase in the quality of life, but I acknowledge that I am not a woman, and that being transgender is a different set of life experiences than women have."" Are there even trans who talk like that?"
1076,,female_solidarity,This is great.
1077,,snowducky,👏👏👏
1078,,BromstromZ,"Yeah, a lifestyle is what we show up, but the feeling inside is so vigorous towards the opposite sex whether it is a man or woman. Sometimes or maybe some people have a strong feeling buried in their heart to be effeminate that's doesn't mean you should be gay."
1079,,,I still can't understand how common it is for people to deny the one prerequisite for being trans - a male body for MTF/ female body for FTM.
1080,,THE_FINAL_PAM_,Holy FUCK say it louder for the people in the back!!
1081,,ivyandroses,this is so perfectly put.
1082,,kissmylovelybutt,"I never, ever liked the pink color, ( blue is my favourite) ,make up, or things like  shopping for clothing. I guess I am a man..."
1083,,Toonitada13,"can we extend this to ethnicity and include the worst stereotypes possible?

I owe lots of money, smoke like a chimney and enjoy hour long coffee breaks. I an trans-Greek"
1084,,,[removed]
1085,,,[removed]
1086,,,[removed]
1087,,vanizorc,"Superficial and false, I may add. The sexist stereotypes transfolk go off of aren’t even applicable to most/many women and men."
1088,,Budbud2019,"My TiM ex was a good father (not my kids), but once he started wanting to transition, that was the most important thing to him. His kids came after his trans stuff. It was disgusting to see."
1089,,,[removed]
1090,,,[deleted]
1091,,,[deleted]
1092,,Feminazcabooby,"JY loves kids, but I'm sure that's not what you meant."
1093,,TryingforMighty,"Yeah, they're like Republicans who care only that fetuses be born, not what happens to the children after that."
1094,,TryingforMighty,"Absolutely.  They want the(ir) image but not (our) reality.

Soon after my AGP TIM ex-husband declared he was ""a woman in a man's body,"" we were at an outdoor potluck.  When rain started up, I got up to cover the food.  Then I thought, Nah, if he wants to be a woman, he can do it!  Not giving away the ending if I say the food remained uncovered."
1095,,grixit,None of them dream of working in sweatshops either.
1096,,throwawayc2VjcmV0,"I've taken a peek in a few trans discussion boards and there are genuinely people who want to be stay-at-home mothers and take care of the children and the house. And have a husband who's the breadwinner. So the ""traditional"" setup. Not saying there's anything wrong about being a stay-at-home mother but like... some of them seem to act like that's what you should strive for."
1097,,ALoudMeow,"Just watched a documentary last night on Netflix about her.  I learned that not only is she more delusional than I thought, and arrogant, and self centered to the max, but all those qualities and everything she said can be applied equally to trans people."
1098,,Aslan_reed,"There are, but they would be considered heretics to many in the trans community.  To say one is their biological gender regardless of their gender feels is considered hateful and potentially violent."
1099,,jelliknight,"Depending on the definitions you're working with such a person wouldn't even be trans. A man who wears make up and 'feminine' things isnt trans if he says hes still a man who just likes those things (as Bowie and any number of musicians). A man who hates his body isnt automatically trans. A man who hates his genitals and wishes he has a vulva isnt trans. What makes a person trans is BELIEVING that they are a woman ""on the inside"" and that particular feeling or behaviors are evidence of that.

Miranda Yardley is a transsexual male (a man who had surgery to feminize his body including genital reconstruction) who now acknowledges that he is and always has been a man and that claiming to be a woman in any way is sexist and harmful. He speaks out on this a lot. He wears make up and wears his hair long but doesnt claim that he is ""socially presenting as a woman"" because that would be extremely sexist. He does NOT claim to be transgender and isnt considered to be transgender by the TQIA community. He uses ""transsexual"" to refer to the state of his male body."
1100,,remquarqk,"That would be fine.

I don't think the women here deny gender dysphoria exists and is a real problem. The problem is that this idea is now getting pushback because people think it's regressive and bigoted, as it's basically seeing being trans as a mental illness (which.....it is. Maybe the real problem is just the stigmatization of mental illnesses--at least in my pov that's a larger issue here. Not all mental illness is ""bad."" It's just not the norm.)

The problem is the definition of what 'trans' means is changing from dysphoria to an innate 'identity' that's affecting the legal system."
1101,,expensivetrick,"Other kinds of dysphoria also exist, such as body integrity dysphoria. Personally, I'm not against body modification (well, maybe limb amputations are too much haha) so if a man wants bigger breasts, be my guest. But it doesn't make him a woman."
1102,,Julzlex28,"They are still men and belong in men's spaces. Trans is just a title that means nothing because they still aren't actually transitioning to anything.

And honestly Blair White's reason for gender dysphoria is bullshit. That he has a female brain and all. Dude is just a self-hating gay man."
1103,,,"There are, but they are few and far between. They belong to a few Facebook groups I’m in and I totally respect them. I also feel bad for them because the 95 percent of TIMs who are psychotic absolutely harass them."
1104,,,"That's what transsexuals were like back in the 80's. There are several TIMs today like that (mostly HSTS like Blaire White) but they're called ""truscum"" (not kidding) by the community at large and they're banished from neo-lefty spaces."
1105,,LeishaCamden,Yes. Fionne Orlander is the first who comes to mind. A regular and outspoken ... Twitterer? Tweeter? 🤔
1106,,TryingforMighty,If there were more of them perhaps they could go toe to toe with the ones who like McKinnon the cyclist just want to horn in on women's spaces.
1107,,TwinPeakMayor,if they change a t to a d I'm fine. the grand majority aren't doing that unfortunately
1108,,Aslan_reed,"Boohoo.  Biology is discriminatory.  Nature is a TERF bigot.

You insult me when you boil womanhood down to feelings.  Gender is an insult.  I'm a woman because I was born with a big fat hairy vagina that bleeds.  I'm treated like a woman for it."
1109,,,[deleted]
1110,,bad_fem,"I’m extremely confused by this comment. Nobody on GC hates on non gender conforming people. We literally constantly say all people should be free to present and live as they want, it’s just that that doesn’t change your sex. When has anyone on here ever been hateful to a woman for being masculine? You have absolutely no idea what our beliefs are, but we know what yours are. That’s the first hint that you’re on the side of ignorance."
1111,,burntmatchesburn3x,"LOL ""transfolk"""
1112,,femurfatale,"Even true for ""woman of the year, Caitlin"""
1113,,TheHistoryMachine,Men (whether they're in dresses or not) tend to be selfish and self-centered.
1114,,LucyWColitisGoesBy,Stop trolling this sub and go away.
1115,,BellFirestone,"Yeah basically that’s just a fetish and/or part of their paraphilia more broadly. And their delusion and male entitlement. And ofcourse attention seeking behavior- it’s a handy way to try to guilt actual women in to feeling for you and convince them that you are sincere about being or wanting to be a woman, if that makes sense.

If it were possible for them to carry a pregnancy, most wouldn’t pursue it because they don’t actually want that, they just get off on the idea.
The ones that would go through with it (again if this were possible) would be in for a rude awakening- and not just because of the physical aspect of it, but the primary caregiver part. They cannot conceive of that it’s actually like to a woman, much less wrap their male socialized brains around that aspect of the female experience."
1116,,,"Just a fetish, mostly a pregnancy fetish."
1117,,penelopekitty,I thought I saw something like that but it was only period cramps - dude couldn't even handle that. Lol!
1118,,lavenderbread,"This hit me hard. I clean up after everyone almost subconsciously and if I leave it to a man or a man who thinks he’s a woman it’ll never get done. The “privilege” of being socialized as a woman, ladies and gentlemen. It’s not naked pillow fights or dresses or horny teenage rampages, it’s cleaning and cooking and taking care of things men wouldn’t think to care about in a million years. And it’s exhausting."
1119,,TheHistoryMachine,"Brothels, maybe. Sweatshops no."
1120,,Far-Air,"yeah i was gonna say, that person's a bit naive. the TIMs already fetishize all that esp on 4chan"
1121,,applestrudelterf,"Debbie Hayton got temporarily suspended from Twitter for ""hateful conduct"" for using the word ""male"" in reference to herself ffs."
1122,,TryingforMighty,And the TRAs hate him.
1123,,femurfatale,I find it offensive that they push back on having a  mental illness also because it's stigma related
1124,,Minoxidil,i really feel what you're saying. i have bipolar disorder and other mental illnesses but i keep it together and i have a life and its never caused me to roll up to school to pick my child up dressed like an 80's streetwalker nor does it cause constant financial and emotional strain on my partners because if i didn't have it handled ***I WOULDN'T DATE PEOPLE BECAUSE IT'S INAPPROPRIATE TO EXPECT PEOPLE TO BE WILLING TO DATE SOMEONE WHO'S LIFE IS IN AN ASTRONOMICAL SPIRAL OF IDENTITY AND ECONOMIC CRISES***
1125,,Aslan_reed,"As far as body modifications go, I think there's an ethical problem for a medical professional.  I believe the bioethic ""first, do no harm"" or the Hippocratic Oath's version, ""to abstain from doing harm"" challenges the ethics of performing unnecessary procedures.

There are cases where the lack of a cosmetic procedure may have a significant negative impact on a person's life, such as in the case of burn victims.

But breast augmentation is a great example of my point given the frequent and terrible side effects experienced by many patients.  Even in ideal circumstances, best practices would have future surgeries down the line as no implant is made to last for life."
1126,,Aslan_reed,"A misogynist gay man, at that"
1127,,,[removed]
1128,,fiveohfivethree,There is Blair White too.
1129,,crafeminist,Twitterist
1130,,,There should be a trans competition so they can play against each other and that issue is resolved. The reason sports are segregated is because of biology. We don’t have a boys’ spelling bee and a girls’ spelling bee.
1131,,,[removed]
1132,,Shrimpy_monsters,Did you see the 9-11 widower who’s first responder wife was posthumously given that woman of the year award for her bravery before stunning and brave kaitlyn? He returned it after Jenner was given the same honor.
1133,,Budbud2019,Of course. His involvement and nurturing and prioritizing his kids was one of the things I loved about him. I lost all respect when his fingernails and make up took precedence over them.
1134,,,[removed]
1135,,rosegarland,I read an article that foster homes for newborns are so tight CPS has been very close to placing them in group homes. You will know a TiM is serious about the mom thing when he's rocking a baby screaming its lungs out coming off methadone to sleep in the nicu. Pretty sure they're too busy watching makeup videos on youtube.
1136,,TheHistoryMachine,">If it were possible for them to carry a pregnancy, most wouldn’t pursue it because they don’t actually want that, they just get off on the idea.

If it supports their sexual fetish, they're fine with it. Actually doing the work of parenting isn't something they're interested in."
1137,,,[removed]
1138,,Lemonade_Masquerade,"""I knew I was a woman because I always felt obligated to keep a mental inventory of where every single piece of crap in the house is because goodness knows that if I don't the entire household will break down because no one can find socks or keys or batteries or whatever else. I have an entire brain lobe dedicated to what's in the junk drawer in the kitchen!"" -no TIM ever

&nbsp;

Funny how they can identify misogyny when it comes to the parts where they would be expected to do things for others if they were women."
1139,,TryingforMighty,"One thing I'll say about that experience of living with my AGP TIM now ex husband: a lot of my theretofore unrecognized socialization became clear, and now I am consciously shucking it off.  The phrase ""Why is that my job/responsiblity?"" is a good question to ask oneself before automatically picking up someone else's slack."
1140,,burntmatchesburn3x,aiiieeeee... this...  :(
1141,,lemonboppyseed,But self ID right?? Lol…
1142,,NecessaryScene1,"But my real favourite:

Fionne Orlander has been forced to remove selfies wearing a Stonewall T-shirt modified to ""Trans Women are Men - Get Over It"".

A true expression of ""Trans Pride"" and self-acceptance is effectively outlawed. A trans-identified person is compelled to deny their own identity."
1143,,burntmatchesburn3x,*himself
1144,,AnonymizeIt,"Yeah, I would love to ID out of having bipolar disorder because of the stigma."
1145,,i_can_see_you00,And if a man wants those breasts he should always have to pay for them himself.
1146,,TryingforMighty,And implants are the just the tip of the iceberg
1147,,,Male locker rooms and bathrooms. Male sports teams. Male friendship groups.
1148,,female_solidarity,"Blaire white is far more conservative than GC. He does a good job calling out the craziest offenders, because hey, most of us agree up is up and down is down (whether GC or conservative)...and these crazies are notable because they are the few people in the world that don't, but at the end of the day, he thinks he's trans because he has a ""female brain,"" and you can't get more conservative and antifeminist than that."
1149,,2or3thingsIknow,Fionna is all class. Blair is no where near a Fionna.
1150,,girl_undone,"> Im a woman and I have a big fat hairy cock. Go cry about it. –SomeNakedDude

How can you be real."
1151,,femurfatale,Yeah I'd be upset too
1152,,radwife2663,"Stop mansplaining, we don’t need any more men whether they believe their women or not telling us what is or isn’t okay to say.

Considering your a tim all you’ve done is appropriate the label of woman for your fetish, this space is run by woman for woman, not men who think wearing dresses makes them female."
1153,,FancyForager,Hi skylar_jane! Whatcha doin here?
1154,,Aslan_reed,"This is the only way I've maintained my relationship with my husband.  If we hadn't met as kids we wouldn't have gotten together, but we're best friends.  Unfortunately, he's male so he doesn't do the 1001 things that he should.  He subconsciously expects me to do most everything.  I've had to get real prickly when it comes to housechores.  You hate to see it, but either you look at the dishes on the sink and the dirty cat litter and the last paper towel in the house and say, ""not my problem"" or he's always going to feel comfortable that these things just happen.

I have hidden caches of household goods.  If we run out and I haven't made a trip to the store, he's out.  I'm not."
1155,,applestrudelterf,"Oh wow! I used to follow Fionne but I didn’t see that, since I was permanently banned from Twitter for the third time for saying women don’t have penises,"
1156,,Minoxidil,"what bodypart do i mutilate to get rid of ptsd?

can i get a voluntary lobotomy because i'm absolutely traumatized but i really feel like inside i'm supposed to be someone who is not haunted by the pain of their past"
1157,,Minoxidil,"Don't forget stem-cell facial treatments that source their product from the foreskins of children in asian countries...where circumcision is not normal, which means these people are probably going from villiage to village waving around cash and food and asking only for ""harmless american procedure"" in return and literally hocking the body parts of third world infants ON THE WHITEMARKET IN THE US."
1158,,winewatcher,It’s also misogynist.
1159,,jessicasz07,your perspective is so enlightening...
1160,,burntmatchesburn3x,"> He subconsciously expects

Oh, no. He consciously expects you to do most everything."
1161,,radwife2663,"And you’re not welcome here, this is a space by women for women, not delusional men."
1162,,jessicasz07,Thanks for repeating! I didn’t understand the first time :)
1163,,studentscooter,"""Woman"" is not a feeling, a costume or a performance of a stereotype.

Aaah this is exactly how I feel. So true."
1164,,lisasimpsonfan,"That woman is stunning, brave and a hero."
1165,,Burnbookburner,"I sincerely hope this woman is OK. So much backlash at the time.
Edit- just saw in another comment that she passed away...."
1166,,LuxSimpleJoy,"Wow, she is brave!  I wish I had seen her there. Did she catch flack from others?"
1167,,EsVaHo,Learning about the behavior of TIMs makes me willing to don a pussy hat for the first time.
1168,,carpediem__,May she Rest In Peace! She passed last year let this photo live on!!!
1169,,Lady_Montgomery,I want to embrace this fantastic woman.
1170,,devgril,I’m going to assume she was verbally and physically assaulted.
1171,,burntmatchesburn3x,Brave AF.
1172,,terf_fret,I didn't know about radical feminism at the time so I didn't fully appreciate how brave she was.
1173,,myapoison,Me and my cramps agree so much.
1174,,woiashenseea,Shes lookin at you like she knows you're seeing it on r/gendercritical
1175,,shrubrose,Is it okay to post this woman's picture?
1176,,quasarbar,Now THAT is stunning and brave.
1177,,j3oqh83,Funny how these straight up facts are so offensive to some
1178,,shanesapain,This woman is my hero
1179,,CCKPRM,20 bucks says a big boi grabs that shit out of her hands and body slams it on the ground while calling her a bigot.
1180,,bitchbaby1,😍
1181,,terfdom,Trans woman are Men and most still have a dick.Truth be told!
1182,,artfundays,"[Feminist Current Article on her](https://www.feministcurrent.com/2018/01/22/vancouver-womens-march-becomes-opportunity-misogynist-threats-women/)

I like the other side of the sign too!
Brave woman, may she RIP"
1183,,julia-on-reddit,"And this year... I received an email about an upcoming ""Womxn March"". I pressed ""Unsubscribe"" and selected the reason that the email was inappropriate."
1184,,lilium-juliet44,"I'm worried for this woman, is she still alive ?"
1185,,ingridded,You are the sex you’re born. Sex is IMMUTABLE. You can’t change it. Trans “women” are men pretending to be women and trans “men” are women pretending to be men.
1186,,TGM_YT987,A trans man is still a woman then
1187,,thezookeeper1,Love this!!!
1188,,,[removed]
1189,,genzradfem,How I'm trying to be when (if?) I'm retired
1190,,Cbr_125r_ftw,When feminists go so far they actually start to make sense
1191,,tampared,No MAN is an island.
1192,,,[removed]
1193,,,[removed]
1194,,,[removed]
1195,,GreatestClover50,"I don’t agree with this statement. I also don’t agree with the supposed “secret motive” that trans m to f’s solely transition to harm cis women. That isn’t true, and people should know that, because it’s wrong. Trans people have morals. Also, “gender” is something that’s psychological more than biological. Sex, however, is the opposite."
1196,,,[removed]
1197,,,[removed]
1198,,aisle-is-closed,"*Woman* is a biological reality!

Damn straight it is."
1199,,,[removed]
1200,,bad_fem,Right?! As much as I agree with the sign I can't imagine holding it in public. I would be so scared. I genuinely hope I can work up to doing something like that though.
1201,,kabloona,This was in Vancouver and there was a huge hunt to find her. They were not success and I’d heard she has subsequently died but I’m hoping that was just disinformation
1202,,GreatestClover50,"And men are the same, too, as they are both equal, including trans m to f’s and vice versa"
1203,,Tangleofsnakes,Wasn't Morgane Oger trying to track her down so he could retaliate in some way?
1204,,soovestho,"I’m not going to lie, I thought they were dorky but I just ordered one lol"
1205,,popopotat,"This was the first time I hear about pussyhats, googled it and lo and behold, the wiki page has ""racism and transphobia"" section. The arguments of those criticizing are such BS

> Professor Cáel Keegan, who teaches Women, Gender and Sexuality Studies at Grand Valley State University in Michigan, said the hat's reference to pink [vulvas] is suspect: *""We know that any time feminism starts centering people based on anatomy, that gets kind of dangerous for trans people.""* **He** also pointed out that both cisgender women and transgender women are fighting for autonomy over their own bodies. The hat's allusion to the [vulva] also ignores the fact that some transgender women opt against undergoing gender-affirmation surgery. Keegan said that the pussyhat can promote the unconscious suggestion that only cisgender women are raped, which is untrue. In fact, he explained, ""A lot of the reasons [transgender women] are attacked is because they do not possess that piece of anatomy.""

Feminism centering people who are female, no fucking way?? Women talking about their anatomy is dangerous for men LOL I can't even, this is too much for me."
1206,,ThrowawayT3RF,"Do it!  My aunt knits, so I had her make me some.  Unfortunately I’m probably sitting out WM2020.  The last sister march I went to was almost ruined by TRAs.  That was 2018.  I can only imagine how they are now that they’ve had time to mobilize."
1207,,anonymousmarxist,Shero 💗🕊
1208,,anonymousmarxist,Shero 💗🕊
1209,,ohthegametes,What?!
1210,,Burnbookburner,Nooooooo! May I ask if you know more details?
1211,,Fitncurly,😢. We need more like her.
1212,,Ramesses-ll,"[still gets her voice heard](https://www.pressreader.com/uk/the-scotsman/20171110/282050507345020)

Is it ironic that her comment is in The Scotsman’??"
1213,,frankoceanfan53,really it’s for the best. i’m sure she’ll get a real big stupid statue in city hall or something!
1214,,maymoona,It was on her public social media so I’m assuming
1215,,ThrowawayPhotoshop11,What’s with the “x” in women?
1216,,angrytardis,Saying words - outcome should be a painful death? What the fuck dude? Do you think before you type?
1217,,womenopausal,"Your comment has been removed for violating [Rule 4: Don't Use Dehumanizing Language or Promote Bigotry or Violence](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules#wiki_4._don.27t_use_dehumanizing_language_or_promote_bigotry_or_violence)

We do not tolerate hate. Posts will be removed if they are espousing misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, homophobia, ageism, ableism, denigrating the mentally ill (such as throwing around the term ""crazy"", often used to dismiss women's legitimate concerns), or truly hateful or dehumanizing descriptions of people (such as calling TIMs ""Frankenwomen""). Posts will be removed for using slurs, such as ""bitch"" and its derivatives, ""cunt"", [""TERF""](https://terfisaslur.com/), ""tranny"", ""troon"", ""timmy"", or referring to women as [""cis-gendered.""](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/faq#wiki_why_do_you_not_use_the_term_.201Ccisgendered.201D_or_.201Ccis.201D_here.3F) Posts advocating violence or boasting about illegal acts are not allowed. Promoting so-called ""pretend"" or ""consensual"" violence or bigotry, including in sexual acts such as BDSM, is against this rule. Users will be warned or banned at the discretion of moderators."
1218,,womenopausal,"Your comment has been removed for violating [Rule 4: Don't Use Dehumanizing Language or Promote Bigotry or Violence](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules#wiki_4._don.27t_use_dehumanizing_language_or_promote_bigotry_or_violence)

We do not tolerate hate. Posts will be removed if they are espousing misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, homophobia, ageism, ableism, denigrating the mentally ill (such as throwing around the term ""crazy"", often used to dismiss women's legitimate concerns), or truly hateful or dehumanizing descriptions of people (such as calling TIMs ""Frankenwomen""). Posts will be removed for using slurs, such as ""bitch"" and its derivatives, ""cunt"", [""TERF""](https://terfisaslur.com/), ""tranny"", ""troon"", ""timmy"", or referring to women as [""cis-gendered.""](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/faq#wiki_why_do_you_not_use_the_term_.201Ccisgendered.201D_or_.201Ccis.201D_here.3F) Posts advocating violence or boasting about illegal acts are not allowed. Promoting so-called ""pretend"" or ""consensual"" violence or bigotry, including in sexual acts such as BDSM, is against this rule. Users will be warned or banned at the discretion of moderators."
1219,,DorianGreysPortrait,"How is this sign she’s holding in any way “straight up not accepting that trans people exist”? If you’ll read a lot of comments on this sub, no one is denying trans people walk the earth. It’s not like we don’t recognize them as human. What we don’t recognize, is insisting that their gender has suddenly switched like a light switch just because they say it does. If a trans woman called herself a “trans woman”, and there were different rules for that, I wouldn’t care in the slightest. But saying that they’re a “woman” and should be allowed in woman’s sports and in women’s changing rooms and women’s bathrooms and women’s spaces just because they think they should be, is ridiculous and in no way fair to women that don’t get a say in the subject of a conversation dominated by men."
1220,,PinkahBoo,"I dont consider gender a feeling, I consider it biological. Im not saying a man can't live as a woman, I say they're still Male biologically. They're not female, biologically nor do we have the technology to fully make them. The uterus,periods and all that cant be surgically given... yet. Now, if you're going to bring up someone who is biologically both (hermaphrodite) there should be a category for both. But there isn't... but back on topic. Agreeing with what's usually spoken in pro trans discussions, gender isn't a thing to them. It's not real."
1221,,crafeminist,"Not all trans people have the same motives, and not all of them are moral."
1222,,womenopausal,"Your comment has been removed for violating [Rule 4: Don't Use Dehumanizing Language or Promote Bigotry or Violence](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules#wiki_4._don.27t_use_dehumanizing_language_or_promote_bigotry_or_violence)

We do not tolerate hate. Posts will be removed if they are espousing misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, homophobia, ageism, ableism, denigrating the mentally ill (such as throwing around the term ""crazy"", often used to dismiss women's legitimate concerns), or truly hateful or dehumanizing descriptions of people (such as calling TIMs ""Frankenwomen""). Posts will be removed for using slurs, such as ""bitch"" and its derivatives, ""cunt"", [""TERF""](https://terfisaslur.com/), ""tranny"", ""troon"", ""timmy"", or referring to women as [""cis-gendered.""](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/faq#wiki_why_do_you_not_use_the_term_.201Ccisgendered.201D_or_.201Ccis.201D_here.3F) Posts advocating violence or boasting about illegal acts are not allowed. Promoting so-called ""pretend"" or ""consensual"" violence or bigotry, including in sexual acts such as BDSM, is against this rule. Users will be warned or banned at the discretion of moderators."
1223,,womenopausal,"Your comment has been removed for violating [Rule 4: Don't Use Dehumanizing Language or Promote Bigotry or Violence](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules#wiki_4._don.27t_use_dehumanizing_language_or_promote_bigotry_or_violence)

We do not tolerate hate. Posts will be removed if they are espousing misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, homophobia, ageism, ableism, denigrating the mentally ill (such as throwing around the term ""crazy"", often used to dismiss women's legitimate concerns), or truly hateful or dehumanizing descriptions of people (such as calling TIMs ""Frankenwomen""). Posts will be removed for using slurs, such as ""bitch"" and its derivatives, ""cunt"", [""TERF""](https://terfisaslur.com/), ""tranny"", ""troon"", ""timmy"", or referring to women as [""cis-gendered.""](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/faq#wiki_why_do_you_not_use_the_term_.201Ccisgendered.201D_or_.201Ccis.201D_here.3F) Posts advocating violence or boasting about illegal acts are not allowed. Promoting so-called ""pretend"" or ""consensual"" violence or bigotry, including in sexual acts such as BDSM, is against this rule. Users will be warned or banned at the discretion of moderators."
1224,,womenopausal,"Your comment has been removed for violating [Rule 4: Don't Use Dehumanizing Language or Promote Bigotry or Violence](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules#wiki_4._don.27t_use_dehumanizing_language_or_promote_bigotry_or_violence)

We do not tolerate hate. Posts will be removed if they are espousing misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, homophobia, ageism, ableism, denigrating the mentally ill (such as throwing around the term ""crazy"", often used to dismiss women's legitimate concerns), or truly hateful or dehumanizing descriptions of people (such as calling TIMs ""Frankenwomen""). Posts will be removed for using slurs, such as ""bitch"" and its derivatives, ""cunt"", [""TERF""](https://terfisaslur.com/), ""tranny"", ""troon"", ""timmy"", or referring to women as [""cis-gendered.""](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/faq#wiki_why_do_you_not_use_the_term_.201Ccisgendered.201D_or_.201Ccis.201D_here.3F) Posts advocating violence or boasting about illegal acts are not allowed. Promoting so-called ""pretend"" or ""consensual"" violence or bigotry, including in sexual acts such as BDSM, is against this rule. Users will be warned or banned at the discretion of moderators."
1225,,womenopausal,"Your comment has been removed for violating [Rule 4: Don't Use Dehumanizing Language or Promote Bigotry or Violence](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules#wiki_4._don.27t_use_dehumanizing_language_or_promote_bigotry_or_violence)

We do not tolerate hate. Posts will be removed if they are espousing misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, homophobia, ageism, ableism, denigrating the mentally ill (such as throwing around the term ""crazy"", often used to dismiss women's legitimate concerns), or truly hateful or dehumanizing descriptions of people (such as calling TIMs ""Frankenwomen""). Posts will be removed for using slurs, such as ""bitch"" and its derivatives, ""cunt"", [""TERF""](https://terfisaslur.com/), ""tranny"", ""troon"", ""timmy"", or referring to women as [""cis-gendered.""](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/faq#wiki_why_do_you_not_use_the_term_.201Ccisgendered.201D_or_.201Ccis.201D_here.3F) Posts advocating violence or boasting about illegal acts are not allowed. Promoting so-called ""pretend"" or ""consensual"" violence or bigotry, including in sexual acts such as BDSM, is against this rule. Users will be warned or banned at the discretion of moderators."
1226,,womenopausal,"Your comment has been removed for violating [Rule 4: Don't Use Dehumanizing Language or Promote Bigotry or Violence](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules#wiki_4._don.27t_use_dehumanizing_language_or_promote_bigotry_or_violence)

We do not tolerate hate. Posts will be removed if they are espousing misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, homophobia, ageism, ableism, denigrating the mentally ill (such as throwing around the term ""crazy"", often used to dismiss women's legitimate concerns), or truly hateful or dehumanizing descriptions of people (such as calling TIMs ""Frankenwomen""). Posts will be removed for using slurs, such as ""bitch"" and its derivatives, ""cunt"", [""TERF""](https://terfisaslur.com/), ""tranny"", ""troon"", ""timmy"", or referring to women as [""cis-gendered.""](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/faq#wiki_why_do_you_not_use_the_term_.201Ccisgendered.201D_or_.201Ccis.201D_here.3F) Posts advocating violence or boasting about illegal acts are not allowed. Promoting so-called ""pretend"" or ""consensual"" violence or bigotry, including in sexual acts such as BDSM, is against this rule. Users will be warned or banned at the discretion of moderators."
1227,,womenopausal,"Your comment has been removed for violating [Rule 4: Don't Use Dehumanizing Language or Promote Bigotry or Violence](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules#wiki_4._don.27t_use_dehumanizing_language_or_promote_bigotry_or_violence)

We do not tolerate hate. Posts will be removed if they are espousing misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, homophobia, ageism, ableism, denigrating the mentally ill (such as throwing around the term ""crazy"", often used to dismiss women's legitimate concerns), or truly hateful or dehumanizing descriptions of people (such as calling TIMs ""Frankenwomen""). Posts will be removed for using slurs, such as ""bitch"" and its derivatives, ""cunt"", [""TERF""](https://terfisaslur.com/), ""tranny"", ""troon"", ""timmy"", or referring to women as [""cis-gendered.""](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/faq#wiki_why_do_you_not_use_the_term_.201Ccisgendered.201D_or_.201Ccis.201D_here.3F) Posts advocating violence or boasting about illegal acts are not allowed. Promoting so-called ""pretend"" or ""consensual"" violence or bigotry, including in sexual acts such as BDSM, is against this rule. Users will be warned or banned at the discretion of moderators."
1228,,womenopausal,"Your comment has been removed for violating [Rule 4: Don't Use Dehumanizing Language or Promote Bigotry or Violence](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules#wiki_4._don.27t_use_dehumanizing_language_or_promote_bigotry_or_violence)

We do not tolerate hate. Posts will be removed if they are espousing misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, homophobia, ageism, ableism, denigrating the mentally ill (such as throwing around the term ""crazy"", often used to dismiss women's legitimate concerns), or truly hateful or dehumanizing descriptions of people (such as calling TIMs ""Frankenwomen""). Posts will be removed for using slurs, such as ""bitch"" and its derivatives, ""cunt"", [""TERF""](https://terfisaslur.com/), ""tranny"", ""troon"", ""timmy"", or referring to women as [""cis-gendered.""](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/faq#wiki_why_do_you_not_use_the_term_.201Ccisgendered.201D_or_.201Ccis.201D_here.3F) Posts advocating violence or boasting about illegal acts are not allowed. Promoting so-called ""pretend"" or ""consensual"" violence or bigotry, including in sexual acts such as BDSM, is against this rule. Users will be warned or banned at the discretion of moderators."
1229,,Strawbuddy,"Do tell, how is the poster wrong?"
1230,,,[removed]
1231,,XXYourMom,"She is probably not beholden to a boss, an institution, or anything else that stops her. I’m glad she used that privilege for this!!!!"
1232,,GCMadamXX,Oger wanted to report her for Human Rights abuses.
1233,,Literal_Violins,"Yes. He tweeted this pic, asking people if they knew her or could find her details for him (claiming he wanted to take her to court)."
1234,,randycanyon,From where? I still don't have one.
1235,,julia-on-reddit,"Sick people, they see vulvas everywhere.

>The name refers to the resemblance of the top corners of the hats to cat ears (as opposed to being a representation of a woman's vagina)

The idea came from: ""grab them by the pussy"" - ""pussy grabs back"". A cat reaches out. I've seen a number of men wearing those hats but somehow TiMs are always triggered."
1236,,immersang,"> In fact, he explained, ""A lot of the reasons [transgender women] are attacked is because they do not possess that piece of anatomy.""

Yeah, no."
1237,,carpediem__,"That amazing lady was Shar Valerious,  a Vancouver native :) No assassination or anything, details are confidential.. nevertheless, honour her and her amazing spirit/sign for decades to come ❤️❤️"
1238,,shrubrose,"Okay, good. I just got a fright when I saw her, didn't realise she'd died already."
1239,,Remote_Cantaloupe,"> What we don’t recognize, is insisting that their gender has suddenly switched like a light switch just because they say it does.

For trans people, this is not an accurate description of their experience. It's something they've been quite strongly feeling since being a child (typically 4-7 years old). There's variation, exceptions, etc. but this is the modal experience of transgender people."
1240,,,[removed]
1241,,GreatestClover50,"Wdym by “have the same motives?” Their “motive” is to be who they are. Also, if you’re referring to transitioning as immoral, then you might want to rethink your position. If you just regard trans people themselves as “not all of them are moral,” on an individualistic level, then I can say the same for every group of people. Morality is purely on a human standpoint, regardless of who the person identifies as."
1242,,,[removed]
1243,,Fitncurly,"All of us who can, should ✊🏼"
1244,,woiashenseea,Sounds like something a man     w  o u  l d       d  o
1245,,soovestho,...wait. For a sign?..
1246,,soovestho,Etsy
1247,,ladydanger2020,"Um yes. They’re attacked for being transwomen I.e not having a vagina, so what exactly do you disagree with?"
1248,,31525Coyote15205,that's actually true my dude
1249,,lnssea,Even her name was so amazingly badass.
1250,,Chumpacabra,">No assassination or anything, details are confidential..

What kind of death has confidential details? The CIA kind? The ""it looks bad for trans people"" kind?

Can you broad stroke it? Accident, crime, illness?"
1251,,togayther,what a hero!
1252,,DorianGreysPortrait,When I was 7 I wanted to be a Power Ranger. So..
1253,,womenopausal,"Your comment has been removed for violating [Rule 3: Be Civil](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules#wiki_3._be_civil)

Maintain civility while participating here. Use [Reddiquette](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette) and basic human decency. Do not insult others for disagreeing with you. Do not escalate disagreements into fights. Do not target or harass individual users that you don't like. Do not feed trolls, please report them to the moderators. Low-effort posts that only insult or disparage people or groups of people will be removed. Violations will result in warnings and bans at the discretion of the moderators."
1254,,crafeminist,"I was referring to where you said trans people have morals. You can’t just use blanket statements like that because some are out to harm cis women, and women in general. Maybe the majority are good people, but some are dangerous, just like with any other group of people."
1255,,girl_undone,"Your comment has been removed for violating [Rule 4: Don't Use Dehumanizing Language or Promote Bigotry or Violence](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules#wiki_4._don.27t_use_dehumanizing_language_or_promote_bigotry_or_violence)

We do not tolerate hate. Posts will be removed if they are espousing misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, homophobia, ageism, ableism, denigrating the mentally ill (such as throwing around the term ""crazy"", often used to dismiss women's legitimate concerns), or truly hateful or dehumanizing descriptions of people (such as calling TIMs ""Frankenwomen""). Posts will be removed for using slurs, such as ""bitch"" and its derivatives, ""cunt"", [""TERF""](https://terfisaslur.com/), ""tranny"", ""troon"", ""timmy"", or referring to women as [""cis-gendered.""](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/faq#wiki_why_do_you_not_use_the_term_.201Ccisgendered.201D_or_.201Ccis.201D_here.3F) Posts advocating violence or boasting about illegal acts are not allowed. Promoting so-called ""pretend"" or ""consensual"" violence or bigotry, including in sexual acts such as BDSM, is against this rule. Users will be warned or banned at the discretion of moderators."
1256,,Literal_Violins,"Oh yeah. The Oger is like a prototype of Yaniv that way; Declared it ""hate speech"",  stated intent to pursue thru the Human Rights Tribunal, stamped size 14s and had a sook when no one tweeted her dox for all of TRA twitter to see."
1257,,burntmatchesburn3x,"Words (read: FACTS) that men don't like are hate speech, didn't you know?"
1258,,randycanyon,Thank you!
1259,,DuckingWrong,"Maybe the kind where it's not political but very painful for her family and friends, and they don't want anyone to say evil things about her death like they did to Magdalen Berns."
1260,,aboutthednm,"Maybe they just want some privacy, which is perfectly understandable. When I go, for whatever reason, I don't want my family to share the details of my death either, fwiw."
1261,,Remote_Cantaloupe,"Weird how people have dreams of becoming [insert profession here] and then actually do it! Almost like it's actually possible to accomplish your dreams to some degree.

More seriously - I took issue with a particular part of your statement and I don't believe you've really responded to it."
1262,,GreatestClover50,"The majority, vast majority, are good people, and we condemn those who hurt others and do them wrong, just like with all other humans. It just bothers me when people refuse to respect who they are and who they want to be."
1263,,Chumpacabra,Right. That would make sense.
1264,,carpediem__,Thank u!
1265,,DorianGreysPortrait,"Do you know what sub you’re on? r/lostredditors

More seriously, I don’t care."
1266,,,[removed]
1267,,Chumpacabra,"I didn't. It just sounded like a spy novel, so I was replying incredulously."
1268,,AutoModerator,"
Welcome to Reddit's most active feminist community! This is a women-centered, radical feminist subreddit to discuss gender from a critical, feminist perspective. [If you’re new to gender critical feminism, please familiarize yourself with some of these resources](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/resources).

Please follow [the rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules) and consider if your submission is appropriate for this sub or if it should be posted to a [sister subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/sistersubreddits). See our [dictionary of common terms](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/dictionary) if you’re unfamiliar with lingo.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GenderCritical) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
1269,,Hypocritical-Cunt,"So mowing the lawn triggers his dysphoria, but having his wife do his laundry, wash his dishes, and raise his children is fine.

Right. 🙄

I’m sorry your spouse turned out to be an asshole. I wish you and your kids all the best — which starts with removing their leech of a father from the household. Good luck."
1270,,vulvapeople,"Your husband is going to bankrupt you, and, as another commenter has mentioned, could very well be putting you in the position of paying him alimony and child support when you finally get fed up with all of this.

Once he becomes a ""stay at home wife/mother"", I know and you know and everyone here knows that you will continue to do 99 percent of the housework and child care while he studies and does his nails.

If you have another baby, he's going to breastfeed it and expose it to the cocktail of chemicals he's on to make lactation possible. If you don't approve, likely he'll do it behind your back.

Also, men don't have a good track record with paying back their wives when their wives work to put them through school. If he does manage to get through school and get a job (but knowing how TIMs like this operate, more likely he's trying to be a leech), you will see none of that money as his wife or as his ex-wife.

Lastly, is the trust fund just for you, as in he's not a beneficiary? This is your opportunity to get the hell out of this marriage, pay off your share of *his* debt, and make sure he doesn't get his grubby hands on the money *your* relative gave you."
1271,,,">This is probably going to be rambly, sorry.

No sorry! So many people who turn up here start with some version of ""Sorry."" It's ok! You're allowed to rant. We're not going to hurt you and you have every right in the world to be heard.

&#x200B;

>Honestly I was originally going to post this in relationships, or the sub for spouses of trans people, but a friend suggested here.

If I said ""Yeah you probably would have gotten shouted down."" that would be isolating behavior, which I absolutely don't want to do. Instead I'll say ""We have seen other people post in those subs in the past and they were shouted down."" If, however, you are seeking alternative points of view, their input may be valuable.

&#x200B;

>(Like she wanted to jump straight to breastfeeding despite barely being into her transition; it was costly and not something, from our research, that would help our baby much if at all and would purely be for her benefit. In the end the cost made her agree to put the idea aside (but not without a lot of tears from both of us)).

Holy shit, yeah. I'm glad this fell through. Male bodies cannot make the breastmilk you would have needed for your babies health. While it's true that male humans can lactate, it is ABSOLUTELY not the same thing nutritionally speaking as the breastmilk of a mother. I'm sure you know this already, since you *are* a mom, but you have different ""milks"" based on how far you are from the baby's birth, and each stage of that milk is balanced in such a way as to keep the baby healthy and alive. It changes. Male milk doesn't.

Another critically important thing on the milk subject is that you produce sugars in your milk meant to feed your baby's symbiotic bacteria so they protect the baby from harmful outside bacteria (not the baby itself, your child actually can't digest or use those sugars when they're a newborn). Male milk can't do that either.

&#x200B;

>My wife is high maintenance. She gets to go to a nice salon for her hair care and waxing needs, she owns a dozen nice bras, she has a complicated skin routine, she gets to tan and get new clothes and owns way more shoes then I do.

Regardless of whether or not this person is trans. If one parent is saving for the children and the other is doing this crap, then they would be seen- rightfully so- an an irresponsible parent. They don't get a pass.

&#x200B;

>She still gets home, eats dinner with us, *then hangs out in the kitchen with me and the kids while I do the dishes and clean up*. She tells me about her day. I like this part honestly, but I wish she would help because it would get done a lot faster if both of us were doing it.

Can't even be bothered to help you clean up and give you a chance to hang out with your children? That's shitty behavior. Again, this person doesn't get a pass just because they're trans.

&#x200B;

I'm going to be very blunt here, but again, please feel free to seek out alternative points of view. You know we're biased here, and I acknowledge that.

&#x200B;

**That said. I think you should leave. I think you** ***need*** **to leave.**

&#x200B;

This person is treating you like a ""fuckmommy"". They aren't supporting you mentally, physically, or financially. Put simply, you do not have a partner, you have an extra large additional child and you don't need another one.

You say you're being treated like ""the help""? I'm sorry to break it to you, but that's what you are right now.

When you get that money, this person is going to take it. There is no doubt in my mind about that.

I don't think your partner loves you as much as you love them."
1272,,Tmikthnx2,"Leave.  Now.

Seriously, put aside the fact that she's trans.  Make it all gender neutral.  Your partner is buying stuff they want for their hobbies rather than contributing to the household and supporting your family, working for the common good.  Your partner is refusing to help around the house.  Your partner refuses to do significant childcare.  Your partner wants to use YOUR FAMILY'S MONEY to better themselves as your expense.

Leave.  Move.  Go to college somewhere near your family.  Buy a house.  Set yourself up for success."
1273,,,[deleted]
1274,,Lavalanche17,"Get the fuck out of this relationship before you get your inheritance. He sounds manipulative, gaslighting and selfish. He also sounds insanely harmful to your children and how he wants to force them to endure the lengths he goes to to validate himself.

If possible get a good lawyer and put a clause in the divorce that individual debts will be allocated to the partner who incurred them"
1275,,konradosho,"Oh. My. Lord. I want to say this first: I am so sorry you are going through this, I truly understand what it is like to love someone who does not deserve your love.

I’ll tell you what, though. *You* deserve to be loved. What this man is doing to you is not love.

This is an extremely abusive relationship. Your wife/husband/whatever the hell he wants to call himself or identify as (does not matter) is an abuser. His behavior is so entitled and selfish that it’s comical. How the hell can a grown ass adult think it’s even remotely acceptable to take advantage of his spouse like this? You are literally going without things you need (like BRAS) because he all of a sudden decided that he wanted to live out his fantasy of what a “woman” is?

Everyone says this, but get a lawyer. Once you divorce that guy he is probably going to try and sue for custody and he is obviously not deserving of that. And for the love of god do NOT SHARE ANY OF YOUR TRUST MONEY WITH HIM. You’ve got to protect yourself and you’ve got to protect your kids, and money can give you a means of achieving that protection. I repeat, DO NOT GIVE THIS MAN ANY MONEY.

Keep thinking about the welfare of your babies, too. This is not someone they should be around, and he likely hangs out with people that could potentially hurt them. Your kids are way more important than anything he’ll cry about, way more important than his goddamned hucow pregnancy fetish (that’s literally what this shit is), his cross dressing and his narcissism.

I am so sorry."
1276,,terfling,"I would highly recommend checking out the threads on ""trans widows"" on mumsnet. There are a lot of women who have been through almost identical experiences to yours, and I'm certain that they will welcome you and support you. I've never commented but I've lurked for a while and they seem to be a really supportive bunch of people."
1277,,grimreapersdtr,">Wife told me last week that she wants to be the one to go back to school first, and that she can do the stay at home mom thing while she's doing it and of course, that means she gets the new car while I'll get her current car. She also said that it'd be a good time for us to have our last baby, since she could stay home with him/her while in school after I went back to work and it'd ""practically be maternity leave""

Noooooo. Then she'll divorce you and want alimony and child support because she's a ""stay at home mom"", despite not doing any housework. She sounds like she wants to use you, then probably dump you once the money runs out. She sounds super selfish."
1278,,Larkspur-Lane,This behavior is shitty from any spouse of any sex or gender identity or whatever.  Divorce him.  Before your trust fund activates.
1279,,XxWomanxX,"There's nothing I can say that hasn't already been posted.

Going forward, document EVERYTHING, especially those credit card expenses. Do NOT let this person have a dime of YOUR inheritance--  he's already put y'all in debt with no regard to your family's financial needs.  If you're not on contraception, get on it NOW (men make jokes about women ""trapping"" them when they're no better 🙄), the last thing you need are an influx of hormones clouding your judgment. Before you leave, have an exit strategy with support on hand, just in case.

 It's very telling how your partner wants to experience ""motherhood "" when there have been daily opportunities to parent their children and refuse to do so. He wants a start over on your dime, haven't you given enough?

It is not on you to validate him,  it's not your responsibility to sacrifice so he can feel whole,  your ONLY responsibilities are to yourself and children --kudos for finding the strength to do just that.

Parenthood is about sacrifice, relationships are about compromise and reciprocation- your ""wife"" is acting like a child, not a partner.

You deserve better."
1280,,notaaprilfool,"He's going to spend all your money on his crossdressing and trying to be his idea of a woman. I've read how this has happened to other wives. Your husband is a autogynephile and a narcissist. He ""transistioned"" 3 years ago and you have a 3 year old? It is pretty common for AGPs to ""transistion"" when their wives are pregnant or recently given birth/have small children. I guess they have to be the center of attention even when it comes to their own children. I'm sorry you a dealing with this! Definitely run for the hills."
1281,,Capybara18,You need a lawyer stat. You need to protect your assets and your custody. Document everything.
1282,,,"I can't offer any relationship advice, but you're welcome to keep posting here and I'm glad you did. You don't deserve to be treated like your needs don't matter.

There's a book called ""Sex Changes"" by Christine Benvenuto that might help you feel less alone. She divorced her trans identified husband and also talks about his neglect of their children in favor of his fantasy life.

I hope you take your money and create a new life for yourself and your children. Trans issues aside, your partner is as you said being callous. You deserve to be happy and healthy, whether that's alone with your children or with another partner who actually supports you.

ETA: and please find a lawyer who can help you freeze joint accounts and college funds you may have set up for your children. Trans widows have talked about their husbands draining their finances to continue funding transition and I don't want you to become more financially troubled than it sounds like your family already is. xo"
1283,,arnaq,"Holy shit... you can’t see how much of a piece of shit this asshole is. You literally do all of the work of the household, make all of the sacrifices, and now he wants to reward you by using YOUR TRUST FUND for his own ends? Yet another sacrifice?

GET OUT OF THIS SHITTY MARRIAGE!!!!!!!!!

You will look back in a year (or a month... or a week) after you leave and think, THANK THE GODDESS I DUMPED HIS ASS!

Btw inheritances are usually not a part of the marital estate/community property in a divorce, so don’t let him tell you you have to split it. That $$$ is all yours, lady! Get your degree, take care of your kids, and please do one fun thing for yourself with the money, even if it’s small. You need a break!

Also, talk to a lawyer about your obligation to his CC debt. Do not become an authorized user on any of the cards he is using! This gives you an easier ability to not take on that debt in the divorce."
1284,,girl_undone,"He would drag you and your children to the bottom of the ocean if there was a designer bag down there. Actually, he'd make you do all the swimming.

Escape. Save your kids.

I'm sorry he happened to you."
1285,,jelliknight,"This is so gross and extreme it almost looks fake.


Your husband started transitioning while you were pregnant? That's really common. They cant stand someone else being the center of attention.


Then he wanted to breastfeed? That's *sick.* As you said, it wouldn't do anything to benefit the baby, it's all about him getting what he wants. He wants to use your infant as a prop at best and a sex toy at worst. Then he cried over not being allowed to waste your very tight money on abusing your infant??


Now he's driving you into debt for his vanity. He doesn't do his share of the childcare or housework.


""I'm treated like the help"" That's what you are. You are not in a marriage and from the looks of it you never have been. You are his servant. Your life is only to support him.


""A relative of mine left a trust fund to be given to me when I turn 30. That's in six months"" That's why he's still around. I was wondering, usually they transition while the wife is pregnant, and then once the baby is a toddler they start sleeping around and eventually ditch her to life a life of 'freedom' with their new trans friends. I was wondering why he was still around and here it is, he wants to live his life of freedom on your money. As soon as it goes in to your shared accounts he will be entitled to use it and he will. Divorce will take longer than 6 months. Find a way to delay this or immediately put it into a savings account in your name only that can't be touched for another few years. If you don't he will leave you broke with two kids, I guarantee it.


Separate now, don't wait another day. Yes he has always been this selfish. No he will never change. You have never been in a marriage, you have been a prop in his fantasy life. A marriage is an equal partnership. You never had that. It sounds like you had a fucked up childhood and that damaged your expectations for what a relationship should be. Don't let your kids suffer the same way. Show them how a person respects themselves."
1286,,fuckincaillou,"> My older brother has already received his inheritance and is fully willing to let me borrow as much as I need for a good lawyer. I didn't talk to him about why I was thinking about a divorce like I did with my sister, just that I was....I think he's probably better to talk about this with then my sister given as soon as I said ""lawyer"" he immediately offered to loan me the money without me even asking.

This alone says so much more than you might realize. To me, it says that even on the outside looking in, your brother knows something isn't right with your marriage even beyond the trans aspects. That your brother is, as a man, looking at the track record of your wife/husband and finding it lacking. The trans aspect of this situation is just the candy coating most people might see first, hiding the truth of the matter, which is that your wife/husband does not partake equally in homemaking, childrearing, or financially."
1287,,peregrine_throw,"JFC reading that was exhausting, what more living it. The question that kept repeated popping in my mind was ""Why is she still with him??"" Not only is he an awful partner and father, but he's financially dragging you down with debt.

If I were in your shoes, I would lawyer up and divorce this guy ASAP especially considering the trust fund paying out in a few months. And if the trust fund pays out in a lump sum, read ASAP in bold and italics and discreetly consult a lawyer regarding how to maintain sole control over and benefit of it while you're married and while in the process of divorce. Think of your two children, goodness' sake. Fuck his schooling and his designer purse. Save that money for you and your kids post-divorce.

ETA: As others have mentioned, look into trans widows, start off with [this](https://np.reddit.com/r/itsafetish/comments/bhjv4n/a_trans_widows_story_repost/?st=juyy6hpr&sh=3c431489)"
1288,,deja_vu_blonde,"document EVERYTHING. go through your calendars and emails and bank statements and collate that information historically and then going forward. make a diary of a paragraph or two every single day. one paragraph of money spent, how much and in what. one paragraph of chores done and children taken care of and by whom."
1289,,,"So basically you were a maid/therapist to an adult man playing dress up?

Girl, please ***get out.*** He doesn't care about you or your children. He is essentially (forgive my bluntness) dead weight."
1290,,AggressiveConcert5,"You posted this to a gender critical forum. I think you know what advice we would give.

You don't need us to tell you to leave.

You already know you have to go.

I'm proud of you for finding the strength to leave this narcissist."
1291,,HumorlessShrew,"My husband and I went through some really rough times financially. One time he went to see some friends and they sent him home with some of their leftover pizza. We were living on food banks and had been eating rice and beans for days at that point. He could have eaten it himself and I'd have never known, but he drove home with the pizza and we split it 50/50. That's how it was with *everything* then, or we'd try to give the other person the better share.

I know I wouldn't want to go through life and raise kids with someone who isn't in it as a partner. And I'd wager that if you stick around and give him access to the trust fund, that money is going to be gone.

If you do decide to divorce, I'd recommend you speak to a lawyer and get your financial ducks in a row prior to broaching the topic with your spouse."
1292,,DextersXXarmy,"I never use Reddit and signed up just to respond to this, because I have a friend that went through this exact thing, and a few others that had to deal w the courts regarding custody/divorce/abuse:

PLEASE DO NOT underestimate your spouse. At all. Never assume you know how they will respond. This is hard to do because you feel you know them, but this an abusive, dangerously entitled, male. I would not put it past them to be dangerous or vidictive when told they cannot have what they want. You have kids, which they may see as a way to hurt or control you.

You're seeing the very best of their behavior right now because you have something they want- inheritance and a chance to play mommy. What's going to happen once they realize their meal ticket AND validation is leaving? *Hopefully nothing*, but it's best to plan for the very worst, because telling men NO brings out their rage. And telling a man NO that is entitled enough to ""play woman"" on your dime is likely to be even worse.

In practical terms, this means planning quietly and making sure you have a safety plan in place. It may seem extreme, but if you can talk to a DV specialist about how to safely leave, you really should. It cannot hurt.

Document EVERYTHING, and save every single text, phone call, email, everything. Get an app that records everything off your device. Write doen everything they have done that has been harmful. Never say or type anything that you wouldn't want read in court.

I know this sounds majorly paranoid, but I watched a few friends get trounced in court by (and lose custody to) abusers, because they tried to be conciliatory and reasonable. The abusers had every text, my friends did not. Even little things like being 10 min late a few times adds up when read to the court.

Be a shark, even though you might want to be the bigger person, so you don't lose custody and end up paying this asshole support too.

Also- you mentioned moving. It's ok to try to position yourself in the best possible place to win. I guarantee your spouce will take every advantage they can, and hes starting ahead of you. Do your homework and try to get the odds in your favor. I'm so happy you can get a lawyer because that will make all the difference.

I hope your separation, divorce, custody, and co-parenting goes smoothly. You deserve the best."
1293,,RFANA,"So sorry to hear this OP. I see many red flags in what you’ve written, and also a lot of crappy feelings I’ve had while in relationships with men. Like when they act like you’re the help and make no effort to include you in conversations, at your own house. You are clearly a strong woman who has stuff going for her. Your wife is lucky to have you, holding everything down. Tread carefully with therapy as many therapists are in the transcult and will fall for the pity parties and crocodile tears. Beware that it seems like your wife might be jealous of you, which is simply misogyny since he is jealous of the seemingly good things about being female and doesn’t know half of the negatives. This spending issue would have me extremely worried. If he wants fancy clothes maybe he could find a thrift store. IF I were you I would be doing anything to protect the oncoming assets for the benefit of your children, screw letting him blow it all. I was raised in a family with narcissistic traits, trust me, he will have no qualms spending it all on himself on shit he don’t need and leaving nothing for you and the kids. Please take care"
1294,,MarkTwainiac,"OP, I am so sorry you are dealing with such a selfish spouse who has gaslighted you in so many ways. Your story brought tears to my eyes, made me glad I'm divorced & long single, & called to my mind a question attributed to Dorothy Parker: what fresh hell is this?

I agree with all the other posters so far, but thought it might be helpful to add one point: It's not clear where you are from, but if you are from the USA, please be aware that states vary in how they view wealth inherited before as well as during a marriage. In some states, inherited wealth is included in community property; in other states, it's totally excluded. So depending on where you live, your spouse might not have a valid claim to/on your inheritance. A good lawyer can advise.

Also, there's no need to borrow money in order to consult a divorce or matrimonial lawyer. With top-flight matrimonial attorneys in the US, the first appointment & attendant advice is always free - & if it's not, the lawyer is probably an unethical shyster.  What's more, if you are coming into an inheritance in the foreseeable future, any decent divorce or matrimonial attorney will take you on (if you want) & bill you later.  They are accustomed to this.

I feel for you & wish you & your kids all the best."
1295,,liftedverse,"I can't imagine someone like this ever improving. If someone is still that self absorbed and lazy after three children. My aunt's husband is like this. Just does as he pleases with money while expecting my aunt to penny pinch, makes everything about himself and what he needs out of life, barely contributes to family life, saps all the energy out of his wife and pouts and feels victimised if anyone gives him the slightest criticism. His desires are paramount and my auntie and cousins are just there to facilitate and support him. My aunt just made herself ever smaller to accommodate his massive ego."
1296,,LucyWColitisGoesBy,"He's a shitty male who's using you to live out his insane fantasy life. Leave him, sue for child support and don't look back."
1297,,blonde___guardian,"*Dump that asshole already.*

Let's put this in gender-neutral terms: your partner is driving you into debt because they need money to maintain a certain image of themselves. Your partner prioritizes their own feelings over yours. Your partner's friends aren't kind to you. Your partner is making selfish plans with your family's money (presumably left to you because your relative loves *you* and wants *you* to get a little boost in security). You deserve so much better.

And, in case anyone calls you a transphobe, please remember this: in the most charitable, pro-trans terms, transition is a lifelong medical, psychological, and physical journey. Your spouse, in other words, isn't going to stop wanting maternal experiences or a certain expensive aesthetic. You're doing the kind thing by letting them pursue that freely."
1298,,drunkmoonfarmer,"Oh honey.

I'm so sorry.

You need to leave, now. He's going to get his hands on that trust fund and drain it on irrelevant selfish bullshit. You need to take the children and go. **He will not change, he will only get worse.** He sees you as a prop in his fetishes. He sees you as a resource, not a person.

You need to leave. Find a man who treats you with respect. This is not respect. It barely sounds like love. You sound like an indentured servant."
1299,,ThisIsNotShakira,"Yes, you need to start your plan to leave now. With a lawyer.

He is incredibly selfish. He absolutely does not at all care about your feelings and needs - his take priority, even if that means pushing you back to work while still bleeding after childbirth so he does not feel upset about “not being able to be pregnant”. Oh and if he can’t take care of the kids on his own now, or help with housework, guarantee he will do shit all while staying home with a newborn. You will still be doing all the work, and he will be advocating for a nanny so he can go to the gym or the salon as he “deserves it”. Guaranteed.

And the audacity of him claiming what he is going to do with your trust fund. It’s gross. My husband and I believe in sharing but we never act entitled to gifts or inheritances (the small ones we have had).

There is a good “trans widows” thread(s) on Mumsnet in the Feminism/Women’s Rights forum. You may find it helpful support wise.

I am glad you posted here, and I really wish you the best - I promise you deserve a hell of a lot better than this."
1300,,penguincheerleader,"Everyone is giving you advice that you expect and it is good advice, I want to touch on one additional point.  You referenced your brother being potentially better to talk to and it sounds like you are right.  What I want to emphausize is that you need an external support network, which is really tough for many people and may be tough for a single mom with two kids planning on going to school.  Recognize though that your wife is getting a support network from her new friends who are backing her narcissistic thinking and making all of this easier to enforce.  You need to be spending time with people who are going to back you and who are going to be pulling you away from trans cult talk and into rational lets treat people on their actions talk.  I can not give you good advice on how to find and maintain this network but your brother sounds like a good start and so I hope you do talk to him in this regard."
1301,,DykeWithANutAllergy,"I dated a pre transition trans woman and he was just like this. He wanted to be a stay at home dad too, and said how great it would be to watch TV all day 🙄. He couldn’t cook, wouldn’t clean, pretended to be broke and begged me to buy him things...then miraculously came up with the money himself when I refused. He didn’t want to be a woman, he wanted to be a spoilt trophy wife who never had to work, just lay around being told she was beautiful and given presents, despite being a pretty average looking man. He didn’t want any of the bad parts of being a woman and he told me I should agree with him all the time and pretend he’s smarter than me, like the sexist man he is. He also had very expensive tastes and low income.

This will not get better, you have to leave and take your trust fund with you. You will need it for child care and you cannot count on him to provide anything."
1302,,Tastyscallions,"Lawyer up and leave.

Your spouse has a track record of selfish behavior and reckless spending which is unlikely to change. You are worth more than that, you deserve to be treated with respect.

Act now to protect your assets, your kids and your custody rights.

Also please stay safe. By leaving and taking your inheritance with you, you will scupper his 'stay at home mom / new car' plan and he may react badly to that."
1303,,Penfragon,"I was going to quote which parts of your post showed selfish behaviour from your wife, but it's literally every single paragraph. Your friend is telling you what they think you need to hear, not just what you want to hear, and I think they're right to do so."
1304,,all_the_people_sleep,He wants to breastfeed your baby. Ughh.
1305,,heidischallenge,"You are a good person who has had enough. Lots of women are in marriages with partners like this. You are doing all the work. If your partner were gone, you would have one less person to clean up after. Protect your children and your assets. I’m grateful you have siblings and friends that support you.

I’m sorry life is working out this way. It will get better"
1306,,paisleyterror,"Others have given a lot of great advice here. I just wanted to say that you come across as a very kind, responsible and intelligent person. A really great lady. I'm sorry you have to go through this but I feel like you and your children will get through this difficult time together and thrive. I wish you the best."
1307,,eudaemonia2017,There’s a thread on mumsnet called the trans widow escape committee.  Check it out. I think hearing from other women with similar experiences would help you. I’m sorry you’re going through this. Definitely don’t get stuck spending all your money on someone who will never prioritise your needs or your children’s needs over a pretty bra.
1308,,ohthegametes,"It's interesting that he 'came out' when your daughter was born. And by interesting I mean there's no way it was a coincidence. This is pretty typical of heterosexual, married trans-identified men. This man is unhinged and needs therapy. He also needs to be left to fend for himself.

Take your kids and get out now. See a lawyer about making sure he can't touch that trust fund. Get your car, go to college, look after yourself and your children. He abandoned you all already for his weird fetish. Return the favour. Build the life you want and deserve.

You are not a shitty person at all. I wish you peace and flourishing, sister. Good luck to you."
1309,,,[deleted]
1310,,thelwnaarxizw,"Leave. You are *not* a bad person for leaving. Your relationship is abusive. You're being treated like a surrogate womb and a maid.

As I was reading, all I was thinking was ""would you accept this behaviour if he was still your husband?"". Would *anybody* expect you to tolerate a man behaving like this towards you? Would you doubt yourself even a little if a man put your family in debt for vain desires, wanted to take your maternity leave, demanded to be the one who got the education and the new car, refused to do any kind of chores?

If you stay, you will disappear. You will stop being a person. You will be this man's wallet, womb and comforter. Your entire life will center around what he thinks he wants. And if you wake up from that, you will never forgive yourself. Leave now while you can. Nothing is stopping you. Leave.

(And remember to save a list of the things that made you leave, so that you can read it if you ever doubt that you did the right thing.)"
1311,,gothpeanutbutter,"The fact that you are so afraid of slipping up and calling him ""he"" is so indicative of the abuse and gaslighting you've endured from this man. Please leave, your children need you."
1312,,indiareef,"My main concern is your money issues. You need to be out ASAP in order for her not to be able to claim your inheritance as community property.

I would discuss this quickly with a divorce lawyer and figure out how to protect your assets. Those assets are going to be needed to support yourself and your children and not the uncontrolled spending of your partner.

In most states, just leaving the marital home is the start of an unofficial separation and any moneys made after that aren’t considered community property. But leaving the home could also be considered abandonment depending on the state and if you own your current house it could also be construed as you giving up claims to it. Again...all that depends on your state.

I would work as fast and quickly as possible to serve her with paperwork in order to get the ball rolling. And clearly they have zero concern for your well being, your mental health, fiscal health or your children.  This is beyond unacceptable and absolutely selfish on their part.

You deserve a partner who is actually your partner. There is nothing here that shows they are anything else but completely selfish at this point.

I know it’s hard. You tried. This is NOT where you wanted to end up. But you deserve better. Your kids deserve better. Please protect yourself, your assets and your kids and exit swiftly."
1313,,watermelongrapes,"Sounds like your partner just thinks of you as a womb factory, like a surrogate for them."
1314,,DrussIV,"Your husband is not dysphoric, he is an AGP...get rid of him, all the experiences of staying married are either total submission or hell."
1315,,DishWish,"Leave him NOW, before you get that Trust."
1316,,,"Your hus-wife is totally going to spend every dime of your trust fund- or divorce you and you'll have to give her spousal support.
Please leave soon. Very, very soon. This person is so incredibly selfish."
1317,,miniaturesaladfun,"Ok I know you already got a lot of comments but I guess mine is a bit different I can give you my point of view as a daughter, My dad was not trans but yet he was very similar to your wife, he was narcissistic in every sense and I can tell you that you are not lost friend at least you are aware of how much extra work you are doing, my mother never realized till it was to late , long~short story
1 my dad behaved the same way, he usted to buy for him the best clothes, the best shoes etc while my mother would never buy anything for herself even nowadays she struggles to get nice things for herself she would always prefer to buy things for me and my sister
2. My dad always said she worked more than my mom but is not true , he had a full time job and my mom a middle time but she was the one who did  all the housework and also took care my sis and me (we were very difficult children because we usted to be sick all the time ) he would never ever took us to a Dr appointment, or pay for any kind of treatment
3. He would always say he paid all the bills but it was not true he used to made the as my mom but still he wanted her to paid for everything ( and you know what he did all the money he got he was burning it all with his mistresses) when my sis or I asked him something for school o whatever he would yell at us and be very aggressive no matter if we were teens of toddlers
4. He would be very mean to my mother also with my sister and I but with his friends he would always be super kind and supportive so if my mother complained about him nobody would believe her
Those are just some examples but what I want you to see is that you don’t have to be afraid  to leave her I want you to take all the anger and desperation you feel to set you free from this situation because it only gets more horrible as time passes I want you to take the best decision FOR YOU, because this person is going to suck the life away from you and when she gets done she won’t think twice to leave you after all the sacrifices you’d done, this people don’t change regardless of their gender, you will never archive your dreams if you stay with her , she doesn’t care about her family
I know you are going to say I have a ton a daddy issues or whatever but at the most important thing I want to realize is that you are just in time to change your story and your children’s (we do notice with the time that thing are not ok, one way or another)
Please stay strong
Sorry if I had any gramatical mistakes english is not my mother tongue"
1318,,xLadyofShalottx,"A bunch of people already raised some points that I was going to mention, so I will not repeat what they said.

What I will say is that I wish you the best of luck in the upcoming months and hope that everything works out for you. It sounds like you're a very selfless and caring person, don't let anyone take advantage of that, even if its your spouse."
1319,,ApartPersonality,Your partner sounds like someone with some boundary issues and is putting themself above you and your family. You deserve someone who respects you.
1320,,impersonated_essence,"Get. Out. NOW. You'll be better off. I should have left my son's baby daddy before I even gave birth. I'd have had a much easier life. This crazy bullshit sounds a thousand times more bullshitty.

He guilted you because he thought he should be able breastfeed your children?? Who the fuck does he think he is? But he wants to make sure he has pretty dresses and nails while you go back to full-time work?? This is abusive. And he's wearing a woman costume. He doesn't really want the woman life.

So sick of these fuckers trying to define womanhood for actual female people."
1321,,MyCat8it2,"> I realize now though, that my wife is not going to *stop* racking up credit card debt for these things she thinks she needs. I go without, because I don't feel as though anything I want like a new bra is that needed for the family to incur more debt or to pay off that less debt that month.

&#x200B;

JFC, woman, buy yourself a bra.

You go without and see to it that the laundry is done, the yard is mowed, and dinner is cooked because that is what women do. We do stuff because it needs to be done, not for any other reason.

Time and again, I see stories of men who transition, spend countless dollars to look the part, but never play the part of an actual woman.

Did he seriously think he could breastfeed the baby? WTF?"
1322,,XYfreeradical,"Ugh — so sorry you’re going through this. Whoever came up with the idea of marriage must have been a real sadist.

I would talk to a lawyer and try to understand the financial situation better — the specifics will depend on what state you’re in.  Usually an inheritance is considered separate property, and you should make sure you keep it separate and anything you buy with it from all the other marital assets.  You probably should NOT pay off debt that your husband incurred with that money.  Ask the lawyer how his debt is treated, etc.  you may or may not be liable for it.

Also, if you decide to stay together for some reason, I think you can usually sign a postnup so that any future income and debt is kept separate."
1323,,,"Your wife’s entitlement is exactly like a man’s entitlement. For the sake of you and your children, please leave your spouse soon. They are toxic."
1324,,redamalthea,"If nothing else, realise that this is a completely toxic environment for your children to grow up in. I cant imagine the damage it would do to them if you stayed."
1325,,LolaBella07,"To be honest, you have been a saint. Bending over backwards to accommodate someone you love, who is blatently and selfishly taking advantage of you. Get the best legal advice and leave would be my advice. The situation from what I can see will only get worse, the people around your wife will only enable her further. I wish you luck and I hope it goes as well as these things can. You are not throwing away your marriage and you are not a shitty person. You've done more and put up with more than 99% of us would."
1326,,lashesofyoureyes,It is COMPLETELY reasonable to feel the way that you are feeling about your marriage. You are not selfish or bigoted or uncaring for wanting out as this point. I see it as an act of self preservation. Be confidant knowing that your husbands behaviour is truly awful and you don’t deserve to be subjected to that.
1327,,remquarqk,I'm sorry you're going through this bullshit. Be strong during the divorce and don't settle. This is not your fault.
1328,,consider-thecoconut,"You need to divorce this mentally unstable person, immediately, and do not allow them to bring any one around your children.

You dont have a partner, you have a leech."
1329,,MeeepMorp,"He wants you to pop out a baby and go back to work while he plays house wife and student?
Run"
1330,,kabloona,They will always blame you and call you transphobic. If this was a straight marriage you probably would have left by now but the whole trans thing is just a way to play on your (unnecessary) guilt and endlessly gaslight you. You are dealing with someone with a serious narcissistic personality disorder and you need to get out and never look back
1331,,lairacunda,"transwidows.com

Also on mumsnet."
1332,,shortiewave,"You are being used in every possible way here. Financially, emotionally, and domestically. This does not sound like a loving partnership but a one sided affair. I have a feeling your partner would act this way trans or not. Divorce before your partner seeks any claim to your trust fund. You are already single by the sound of things anyway, just have to make it official in law."
1333,,kabloona,Has it ever occurred to you that your husband is just hanging around waiting for your inheritance? He treats you and the kids horribly and has no consideration for you as a person. All of his friends are new trans people. If you check some of the referrals here to various trans widows blogs you will notice that often their next steps include starting outside sexual relations and some even progress to the whole weird sissification fetish. Get moving before he can get his hands on your money
1334,,nutzphobic,"Great, and unanimous advice on this thread. Like [DextersXXarmy](https://www.reddit.com/user/DextersXXarmy), I created an account to respond to this thread.

Even if the trans component was not a factor, it would still be regarded as an abusive relationship, both mental and financial abuse. It won't improve, and will only get worse until you trust has been exhausted, then he will leave you. As one or two have said, I would also get the advice from a women's DV centre, because when this person gets wind that the money he planned to use for yet more frilly bras is about to be taken away, things could go badly really quickly. As Dexter and a few others recommended, do your planning on the quiet, and I would add, delete this thread soon.

We know he is manipulating you — he apparently can no longer do chores like mow the lawn, because it 'triggers his gender dysphoria' — yet has no qualms in using a penis to impregnate you (something he also did 'as a man'). Rather *selective dysphoria*. You are being played. Get out while you can, and before any more financial and emotional damage is done.

Good luck with your exit. Please take care, I cannot stress that enough."
1335,,Caranda23,As an aside - neat username!
1336,,terceslil,"Gender aside, your spouse is selfish. Do what you want with that."
1337,,Radfemmer,"Run to the hills, run for your life"
1338,,Sinnes-loeschen,"I am so sorry this is happening to you. You have been gaslight and abused by a narcissist and manipulator, who is using the diction of ""progressivism"" to shame you into accepting this.

You will be called a Terf/transphobe/bigot/even Nazi for voicing your legitimate concerns. It will be hard, but leaving this toxic relationship will be the best thing for you and your kids."
1339,,Saitschik,"Yeah, divorce him. He is (ab)using you and a man with severe mental health issues. He will drag you fully in his misery if you don't show him the door asap"
1340,,canna_elle,Leave your abuser.
1341,,orangesodadrink,"This is painful. How some people lack self awareness so badly. Except they believe theyre so self aware to have realized theyre trans etc. Yawn. But the fact that it is YOUR families money and now she wants to change the plan and put herself first is sick. Also 3 weeks before returning to work after a baby sounds like torture, Im from Canada where one year is customary. What a complicated situation but you seem so so kind and understanding (I wouldnt be able to accept a partner transitioning) but you do not need to stay out of obligation when your circumstances have changed. Youre now in a relationship with an entirely different person. And.... that person kinda sucks. Best of luck"
1342,,,"Run, save your life and children from the narcissist!"
1343,,HyperMenthol,"Oh my God, you need to get out of that marriage. Your husband will take all your money and you will be left with nothing. You also ARE being treated abusively and you’ll be so much happier when you get out."
1344,,Tintinikongo,"The best time to leave was -I don't know, seems like a while ago.
The second best time to leave is now."
1345,,jolla92126,GTFO before that trust fund.
1346,,ImaMiri,"Don’t feel bad. Your partner is not a partner. You carry all the load while they play dress up and spend money. Tell him to go find himself a sugar daddy.

You deserve better."
1347,,,"I suspect you will want a divorce before you get the trust fund money, otherwise he could get half in the divorce. I agree that you don’t have a relationship anymore, you’re basically his slave at this point. I can imagine that as it was happening you received assurances that things would improve when he finishes transitioning. I think it’s reasonable to give up on that, if his plans for your collective future is for you to work your ass off to put him through school and for you to pretend that he’s the mother of one of your children. Honestly, it sounds like he’s probably planning to ditch you after school anyway. And what do you need him for? He sounds like an incredible burden."
1348,,robot4242,"Sorry to be callous as he is the father of your children, but I’d run. This is an abusive situation for you and the kids."
1349,,TRQ32,"Not the first time I have seen this combination of a low-maintenance, not-girly, not-fancy wife whose husband becomes a high-maintenance transwoman. It's almost as if the man is trying to become the image of the woman he wishes his wife would be.


And it never ends well. Good luck getting out of this marriage ASAP."
1350,,yishengqingwa666,"You are married to a Narcissist male parasite. GET THE FUCK OUT. He will spend all your money and ruin your life.

GET OUTTTTTTT."
1351,,Docyfome,Please leave him before he can get a hold on your money. He's taken enough from you already. Think of the future you want for your children. Don't let it all go away because he wants more lacy bras.
1352,,_Revulva_,"I'm sorry that you're not getting the support you need from those around you.

The best decisions about the future can only be made based on what you know in the present. You know that money is being taken away from you and your kids. Now your inheritance is coming in and your spouse already has that money earmarked for a new car and education for him. Given the current situation you'll be slaving away with a third child in ratty second hand clothes while you're spouse lives like a king and enjoys the fruits of what your family intended for you.

Your spouse does nothing around the house, no inside or outside chores. He goes to work, comes home and while you're slaving away he shares his stories and problems but never offers to help. Your partner can't take care of the kids. There is no partnership. They're doing nothing to support you and to hold up their end. Instead it's just taking and taking.

Please just imagine if a friend had come to you with this. How would you counsel her?

You have a luxury that few women have and that is the ability to get themselves set up for the future so they are self sufficient. Look after yourself and your kids. Please don't let it be stolen from you."
1353,,,Dump that fucking gold digger.
1354,,babbyfem,"You're not a shitty person. Look, what your husband has done is chosen to put his needs above not just yours, but your children's.  That's it right there, full stop. If his new transition is so important to him, let him go.  I guarantee you this is only going to get worse, and you know what? It's not about you. It's not about him. It's about your kids. They don't deserve to live with this drama, debt, and strife above their heads.

&#x200B;

Do not, I repeat, DO NOT give him a cent of your inheritance money. That's going to be your ticket away from this bullshit. It's good that your brother wants to help, but that money may help you jumpstart a new life for yourself. If he wants to go back to school, let him work for it on his own. You do not exist to serve him and his selfish desires. You are your own person."
1355,,Carmypug,"I’m new to this sub - how does a mtf breastfeed??

Also get a lawyer onto your trust fund ASAP. I’m hoping you can keep this aside from your mutual assets."
1356,,norris528e,"This person reacts in such ways that you're afraid to accidentally ""misgender"" them online

If you're gonna divorce do it before the trust fund matures and let them pay at least their share of the debt"
1357,,trawid2016,"I don't have time to read through everything but if he has not had surgeries yet, I can guarantee you that he is going to want to use your money for boobs, facial feminization surgery, bottom surgery, Adam's apple surgery, hair plugs, permanent hair removal. Do not let this narcissist have access to your money!!!
This is not how women act. Women put their family above their own needs. He is a man.
I divorced a male to female person and I am in groups with others who have as well. You are so not alone. You are so married to a narcissist.

And he seems to have some autogynephilia going on but who knows. I suggest getting a great lawyer and a great therapist for you and for your kids. He has been gaslighting you for a long time and you need to heal.
Good luck to you."
1358,,TOMTREEWELL,"Chiming in—remove him from all checking accounts, credit cards, anything financial that you share. Get a lawyer, and a financial adviser so that you can make sure your assets and those of your children are protected.

Find a a way to put your inheritance into a trust  he doesn’t know about and cannot access—even in a community property state, you can do this.

Get a burner phone so he can’t access any of your calls.

Use a VPN and make new email accounts that he cannot trace or access.

Get an IUD.

He sees you as an ATM and a 401K.

 Do not think for one second that you owe him anything."
1359,,Senterkitten,"I just want to say I'm in your shoes. I've been married for a long time. We have  kids, and I'm pregnant.
My spouse came out trans May 2018. I don't call him ""her, she"" or by the new name they paid for. I was very supportive in the beginning, but as time went on I couldn't.
The hormones make them so emotional.
I've heard all the ""I'm sad I can't get pregnant"" ""I wish I could breastfeed""
He also doesn't help with the house or kids. He even told me the kids feel like adopted kids because he didn't give birth to them, so it's hard to bond with them.
Please don't give him your money. You really have to take care of yourself. Go to school, get a better job, and take care of your children.
I'm going back to school, and it's the best decision I've made in the last 15 years.
I don't think being in a relationship with someone like that ever gets better. One day you'll regret how much of your life you've given up."
1360,,medusalove,Sounds like she wants to be a woman with the perks of being a men.
1361,,Pear_tickle,"The trans stuff really doesn’t matter here (aside from wanting to claim your maternity leave which inspires several snarky, but non-constructive comments to spring to mind)

The financial irresponsibility is enough to warrant divorce.  Please get a lawyer ASAP.  You need to protect what assets you have.

I would not be surprised if your spouse reacts very poorly to your ending the marriage.  The level of self-absorption is high.  Keep this quiet, get your legal ducks in order, make sure you gave copies of critical documents, and wait to announce until you are ready."
1362,,clonette,Your plan is the right path. Get divorced before this trust is turned over to you. I assume there's a trustee so if the divorce takes more than six months maybe they can delay the disbursement. You're a good mother who works hard for her kids and sacrifices your desires for them; don't let a spouse who would rather bury you in debt and use you as a maid make your life any harder.
1363,,trockburner2018,Run.
1364,,downtownjmb,Get out before you get the trust fund.  Every penny of it will be spent on lacy bras and leg waxes by your narcissistic spouse.
1365,,Kang2143,"I honestly believe its time for a divorce. And normally im an advocate for working things out in a marriage. But you married a *man*, not a delusional child. And im not even being mean, thats what he is."
1366,,bodycrimes,"This is the first time I've commented. Please, please, PLEASE, whatever you do - protect that money. This is someone who has already sucked you dry. Get out of the marriage BEFORE you inherit that money, so it doesn't get split if/when you later split.

This man has shown you who he is. He wants your money. He will put his own needs before you and HIS CHILDREN. It also sounds like his behaviour is escalating.

PROTECT THAT MONEY. Get out. Get out now.

Get legal advice so you don't get saddled with his credit card debts."
1367,,MissingLesbianSpaces,"When and if you get to the point of divorce, be prepared for him to threaten suicide. It's just another control tactic, and your best response is to immediately call the police. It will help you retain custody of your children as well."
1368,,timecube_traveler,"He doesn't value you and uses you (for money and chores). I'm sorry but this sounds just like a man being a man and I don't think there will be a lot of positive change, like at all :/

Also, you should really read Lundy Bancrofts book (you can find it for free on the internet)"
1369,,Confusedparental,"I haven’t logged into this account in over a year, I usually lurk here. I logged in just to message you some support. I think you should leave, and do it as quickly as possible. Feel free to PM me when you need someone to talk. I’m a mom too and I know how hard it can be."
1370,,CriticalGayness,"The behavior you have described is emotionally abusive, and his obsession with perfoming what he perceives as feminine acts sounds like a possible case of autogynephilia:

https://medium.com/@sue.donym1984/the-elephant-in-the-room-dc822144a81b

You have no idea how much we as a group empathize with what you (and other women in similar situations) are going through."
1371,,godandgoddess,"What a coincidence that they decided they ""feel like a female"" after the second child. This shit is what scares me about having kids. It seems to happen to so many women I know. Have 2, 3 or 4 kids and then the mask comes off. I don't blame women for only having 1 kid or having 2 kids far apart in age, these days."
1372,,LCthrows,You definitely need to get divorced. Please get divorced.
1373,,WotNoKetchup,"In his head he has already spent your money on himself

 LEAVE tout suite"
1374,,AssignedMomAtBirth,"I’m so sorry that you are going through this. Have you read about autogynephelia ? If not, you need to. Your husband sounds like a textbook example.  Autogynephilia, or transvestic fetishism, is a sexual paraphillia. And sexual paraphillias tend to cluster.  For example , Many autogynephiles are also exhibitionists, masochists, “adult babies”. Pediphiles, Etc. I would get on his computer and search his porn use  to see what you are dealing with at once, and find out how to document it legally in case you need it for custody / divorce.  If you find something really unsettling, you may need to call a lawyer or even the police. Be ready for that possibility when you do this. There is also an overlap of autogynephelia with personality disorders and narcissism. And when they take hormones, they can become very unstable. This is all very damaging to you and the kids. I would suggest that you get out of the marriage at once.  Stay with relatives or something until you can get your money and a new job home and school for your kids , a divorce and pay off debt.

One other thing I need to say is that your baby should NOT be breastfed by a transitioning male via chemically induced lactation.  This has been done once at Mt Sinai using dangerous drugs.  there are no studies to prove that this is safe for the baby, and even if there were , I wouldn’t trust them. Common sense says NO to this.  It’s likely part of his particular fetish , as could be pregnancy and periods. Jamie Shoupe  is a former transwomen who had autogynephelia and is very open about his experience. If you want to help your husband you need to be honest with him that he isn’t a women but he has a fetish which has spiraled out of control and it’s destroying your family.  If he is reasonable he will recognize this and seek help. Therapy cbt and Drugs can be taken to reduce compulsion and depression that come with cross dressing. This is the better way to deal with things as opposed to enabling his delusion.

There is a community of trans widows.  I  met one recently and I’ve seen many posts from them on twitter and reddit.

Again I’m really sorry that you are going though this.

Also , You need to prioritize your own health and safety and that of the kids and stop being a doormat for your abusive husband.  If you choose to stay, rules need to be set for equal distribution of work , childcare, spending  and chores. Debt needs to be paid off at once and no more shopping/ hair/nail for hubby until you’re in a position to afford that sort of expense. You’ll probably need a lot of money for CBT therapy and medications for your husband. Is that how you want to spend your inheritance ?

And absolutely NO male babysitters, period.  That includes transwomen. Sorry, there are just way too many stories of sexual abuse to take that risk.

Good luck to you."
1375,,lala4now,Honestly I don't see this as a trans issue so much as it being about your husband not being the person you married anymore. Which happens sometimes. People change. It sucks. But I think you need to get a divorce and move on. For yourself and your kids. Oh and your husband is a man. A woman can't get another woman pregnant.
1376,,yaxxy,"Reguardless of the gender here, reguardless of the sex, religion, color, nationality. I would tell you the same thing.. your feelings are absolutely valid and the best thing for your child is to get out now. You deserve the chance to go back to college, you deserve the support someone who bore a child needs, and you may be friends... but for your kids sake you need to get out. Kids shouldn’t grow up seeing a dynamic like that, kids shouldn’t grow up learning that “being trans” will get you out of sticky situations... I would post it to relationship advice, but don’t mention anything about trans, ask it as if it was a guy “spraying cologne” and “buying a bunch of nice suits” I’d be interested to see what they think"
1377,,UCalledDownTheThundr,"I'm so sorry, what a nightmare. You're right, you need to leave this person ASAP. Not just for your sake, but for your kids' too. I know it's scary, but it doesn't even sound like he'll be a big loss once you've broken free. Good luck to you! Stay strong!"
1378,,hedaleksa,"I hope you take your kids and take YOUR trust fund and run. Regardless of gender that behavior is self centered and immature. The worst being that as a parent they needed help caring for their own kids for a hot minute (how do they think you do it all the time?) and the maternity leave thing...fuck no! Like really they think that you should have a baby and go back to work so they can take your money and stay home with a baby when it’s your body that’s healing, when it’s your body that’s equipped to feed that baby? RUN RUN RUN don’t feel bad don’t look back I hope they don’t get any kind of alimony from you in the divorce they don’t deserve it. Leave her with her credit card debt and temper tantrums and run!"
1379,,,"I would say get out before you get your inheritance money. Your partner sounds lazy, selfish, and emotionally immature, and I think your partner might try to keep the money to himself if he gets a hold of it. This could lead to financial abuse, and him controlling you with the money. Get out now and make sure you keep the money away from him."
1380,,MarionetteLady,"Wow, if it makes you feel better. You'll probably be canonised when you die.

Nobody in the world would possible judge you for getting out, you're still young and from when you've written seem to be doing the lions share of everything without any support. I mean, the fact that your partner wants you to pop out another baby so they can enact out their maternity leave fantasy while you slog onwards. What an SOB.

I don't know you, but you deserve better and your partner needs a wake up call if that's even possible at this stage. Which I doubt."
1381,,raging-herbivore,"Your partner is abusive. There are many types of abuse, and he fits several (financial, emotional, etc.) Your partner does not care about you or your kids if he’s putting his own aesthetic desires above his family’s needs. It’s great that your brother is willing to help; take advantage of it. You are making the right decision, and you’ve got lots of people here who support you. Stay strong. ❤️"
1382,,daughersmom,"I'm sure you've discovered in looking online that ALL of the available advice is about how you need to help your husband become the woman he thinks he's always been.  No sign of the fact that living with a full-blown narcissist is damaging to you and your kids and that YOU ARE BEING ABUSED.  Don't believe the hype.  You need to take care of yourself and your kids and stop catering to this abuser.  Leave.  Take your kids.  Contact a domestic abuse hotline.  they might be able to connect you with a shelter in the state you desire to live in.  Lie like a rug.  Don't give him a single clue about what you're planning.  There's no reason to think that he won't continue manipulating you the way he has been.  And, if he thinks he can't get his way, there's also no reason to think he won't use physical means to keep you in place.

Right now, all you can think about is your kids.  Let that motivate you.  So many of these guys are paedophiles and abusers.  Not all, but a lot.  I hope when you get yourself detangled from this mess, you will take the time to take care of yourself as well.  Many spouses have ended up with basically PTSD after enduring the craziness of these situations.

Take care and good luck!"
1383,,KawaiiHarunezumi,"No, you're are absolutely not a bad person. Imagine if a friend of yours told you a story like this about her husband. No, your husband's behavior is abusive.

People might give you crap because your husband identifies as trans, but remember that you don't owe anyone an explanation. If people bug you about it just tell them it's personal and you don't want to talk about it."
1384,,Simbulmyn,"I'd get out. It sounds like he fetishises the parts of femininity he likes like dressing cute and breast feeding babies. That's actually a pattern with men who claim to be women. Get out. He'll only demand more emotional labor from you, more financial support from you, and if you fail to comply you'll be an evil transphobe. Save your sanity and your kids. Get out."
1385,,BlackSwallowtail,Really glad you're getting out of this mess. I really hope it goes by with as few hitches as possible and that he doesn't try to fight for custody. You deserve that trust fund money for yourself and your children. I can't imagine being betrayed like this by someone you love so much. But you're doing the right thing. Don't let him or his crappy friends or even your sister convince you otherwise.
1386,,richmuffin,"This genuinely scares me for you OP. Please, PLEASE don't let them take the money and I'd really avoid another pregnancy like it were the plague b/c it just seems like a good way of trapping you into the relationship even more. I am angry reading this. It sickens me and grosses me the FUCK out! This is NOT an equal partnership. it is NOT okay how you are being treated! PLEASE OP, be safe, get out of there if you can holy shit!"
1387,,morningtea50,"this book was quite helpful when my marriage ended about 15 years ago. There may be more up to date books but this one was really helpful in terms of both details about settlement negotiation and helping create a good overall mindset.
>

“Getting divorced without ruining your life”
https://www.amazon.com/Getting-Divorced-Without-Ruining-Your/dp/074320641X"
1388,,joinedforthisthread1,"I joined reddit just so I could post this comment.   All this talk about the future, talking to a lawyer, etc. is part 2 of what you need to know.  Having dealt with narcissistic partners myself, I encourage you to leave now.  I think you may be in physical danger right now.  Even if violence was never part of the relationship before, do you think that's not Plan B when Mr. Asshole realizes he's losing out on the free play money?  He'll throw you against the wall and stomp on your neck before you even talk to that lawyer.  Get out of the house now.  Pack a suitcase with valuables and the papers you need, take the kids and go to your brother, a shelter, a hotel, anywhere.  What do you think his mental process is right now?  People like him are psychic where their interests are concerned.   HE KNOWS you aren't happy and are getting uppity.  Run right now.  It won't hurt your case, it will help it actually.   Signed, ex gf of a formerly sweet sensitive guy who pulled a gun on me when I wanted to leave the relationship.  I got out of there by apologizing profusely for not understanding him.  It was in the middle of the night, I spent the night in my car.  Before that, there was never a hint of violence.  Do you get it, that's always Plan B for this type of guy.  Also, if he kills you, he will get away with it, because, don't you know, it was a sex game gone wrong."
1389,,BeansandPigtail,"Log into myplanapp.org

It is an app to help women organise their escape from DV prisons. It comes highly recommended from others and a good friend found it effective to support her escape from another narcissistic man-child.

Remember that he may try to access your online comms so as DextersXXarmy said, delete this thread. Set up an account to store evidence and that is its sole purpose.  Only access it via a VPN or a device he has no access to. If you have an internet contract in both your names, get one with only yours. Trans and their friends tend to have high digital literacy skills. Hacking you is a real risk.

Oh copy what you said and any useful responses from this thread into that account a G-drive account will have cloud storage and put it in a document. It is evidence. Aldi take a few screen shots of your OP as further evidence.

Then delete this thread."
1390,,ChaDrinker,"Leave him. He is abusive and mentally ill, he will only get worse. Save yourself and your children. AND BE SELFISH ABOUT YOUR MONEY."
1391,,bluelustreak,"GET OUT. Your spouse is a selfish person who is bleeding you dry. Gender identity has nothing to do with this fact. You're not a bad person for leaving someone who makes you work this hard. Men may identify as women but they don't change. I was just reading about how men are far more likely to leave a wife for getting sick than the other way around. Women are far more loyal. The way your spouse is acting you can probably expect he would keep acting like a  man as he is doing now, expecting you do to do all the home labor, and if you get sick will be on his way. It's important that you don't let this notion that he isn't a man somehow make you believe he's different than other men. ALL MEN tell you they are not like other men and they can be trusted when they are working to best take advantage of you. Run. Take your money and go. And spend it on YOURSELF. You will find someone who treasures you and does his share if you treasure yourself and stop over taxing yourself to keep someone so hard to please happy."
1392,,radleaning,"I'm so sorry you are going through all of this. Divorce does indeed sound like the best option! You are putting your family first and also doing all the household chores while she seems to not care. Does she even realize how much all of this wears you down?

I wish you all the best going forward. You deserve an equal partner who does their fair share of chores and who isn't high maintenance when you can't afford it."
1393,,JEWCEY,Get out of there. You are describing a fucking nightmare and I need to believe you will set yourself free from the prison that's been built around you and your kids. Your wife is a narcissist and can't be trusted to care for you or your kids. Take your money and run.
1394,,amazingbehaviourist,"This sounds so awful. If I were you I'd also be filing for divorce asap.

Your spouse is being entirely selfish and disregarding YOUR needs and the needs of the family.

Unfortunately I don't have any advice regarding divorce procedures- but lawyering up at this point seems like a good idea.

I wish you and your little one the best of luck. Remember that you deserve so much more than what you are having to deal with now."
1395,,samanthaoyed,oh my fucking god divorce him that’s horrendous. i couldn’t hold in my gagging when i heard he refuses to do “men’s work” and makes you do Everything to make up for it. i swear to god you should have dropped his ass then and there. you have far stronger willpower than i do. i hope you and your kids get out of that awful arrangement asap.
1396,,PlukvdPetteflet,"What an awful situation OP! So sorry you have to go thtough all that. Regardless of the gender/sex of your partner, this simply doesnt sound like a partnership and you are right to want to leave. You might want to look into trans widow resources on the web, as many of the things you write about appear to be common among many women who were married to trans women. Best of luck!!!"
1397,,cliteralviolence,"This is such typical male behavior. You do everything and he still manages to act like this... no appreciation for you and his idea of womanhood seems hypersexualized and over-the-top so I’m guessing he’s what we call an autogynephile, a man who takes erotic pleasure in seeing himself as a woman. It’s not his dysphoria that’s keeping him from chores, it’s his male entitlement to female labor, he’s manipulating you. I wouldn’t be surprised if he wanted to breast feed for sexual reasons. I bet his porn history would reveal a lot of misogynist crap. I mean, it’s already obvious he’s a misogynist."
1398,,,"Your husband sounds selfish and isn't extending any compassion towards you like you've done for him. You'll be so much better without him, and your children will be safer away from a man who puts the validation of his fantasy gender as a higher priority than them. <3"
1399,,angusslasher,"Please leave him. Based on what you’ve said, it’s obvious he’s not treating you properly and won’t ever in the future. He might cry and make a fuss, but you’re better off without him. For the sake of you and your kids, please look into leaving him."
1400,,,"Use that money you're getting to get a divorce. He is using you and this will never end. She will suck up all your money even if you get a higher paying job. I'm sorry you already have children together. At least you are still young.

Get that friend of yours to help with the divorce process."
1401,,MashaVoskr,"Everyone has offered very good advice and we all agree you'd be much better on your own, with your own money, having a future for your kids with it. Going on only will only bring you more trouble.
I don't think that we are biased in your favour. It's just that here we think women are not slaves and deserve their own happiness, exactly as everyone else.
Your situation, but with reversed sexes (careless mother), would be considered awful and his mother would be advising him to divorce you. No one would be this understanding with a flawed female. Society demands very much from us but forgives men and find excuses for them.
I'm very sorry for what you're experiencing.
I just wanted to add that I find very odd his way of dealing with dysphoria: working out at the gym doesn't increase his muscles? And more importantly, fathering a third child (impregnating his wife with his penis) doesn't trigger his dysphoria?
This guy is not transitioning. He's only putting make up on his face. And everyone in his family is siding with him regardless of his wrongdoings, which is very dangerous for you. Don't buy their emotional blackmail. You're right to be concerned and you have the right to live a peaceful live. That you choose not to jump into a deep well is not selfish. It's the sensible thing to do, for you and your kids."
1402,,katndrsn,"Oh love, you need to get out. Please accept any help possible from your brother, and don’t let your husband touch the trust fund. Keep us all updated!"
1403,,perfect_snow,"LISTEN TO YOUR GUT. You do NOT need to continue supporting this man. He is a narcissist. Take your inheritance and use it to get away from him for good. I'm so sorry you have to go through this right now, but the sooner you cut him off, the sooner you and your family will start to heal."
1404,,Cihu-coatl,"It doesn't matter how much effort HE puts in his parody of womanhood, he still a male ... A machist male."
1405,,MinkMartenReception,""" I'm going to refer to my wife as ""her"", because I don't want to  accidentally call her 'him' offline -that's not pleasant for anyone the  occasional time I slip up."" *Red flag!*

&#x200B;

""Last month she got mad at me for washing one of her lacy bras with my  sports bras, upset enough to the point of crying and all I could do was  stand there staring at this grown woman sobbing because a bit of lace  came off her bra"" *This is a form of emotional abuse.*

&#x200B;

"" I have three bras and they're ratty sports bras..."", "" My wife is high maintenance. She gets to  go to a nice salon for her hair care and waxing needs, she owns a dozen  nice bras, she has a complicated skin routine, she gets to tan and get  new clothes and owns way more shoes then I do.

We cannot afford this. 95% of our credit card debt is from her high maintenance needs."" *What you're describing here is financial abuse. It isn't okay that you're barely getting the necessities you need, but your spouse spends like crazy.*

&#x200B;

""She's literally never been alone with our children for any significant  amount of time. I left her and the kids for four days last year for a  friend's out of state wedding (that friend paid for, and we didn't feel  comfortable asking her to pay for the whole family), and she couldn't  handle that."" *You're spouse is a narcissist, and so the kids are only good when they're fun.*

&#x200B;

""I'm so sick of it all. She won't have a real conversation, instead she  just bursts into tears, has excuses or just gets mad and tells me she  needs some alone time if I try to talk to her about anything. "" *More narcissism.*

&#x200B;

""A relative of mine left a trust fund to be given to me when I turn 30.  That's in six months. The plan was to pay off all our debt, get me a new  car because my current one is on its last legs, and for me to go back  to school, then after I was done with school she would go back. And  then, we'd take the remainder of the trust fund and move to a cheaper  city to live where we would buy a house. "" *Narcissists are selfish.*

&#x200B;

"" Wife told me last week that she wants to be the one to go back to school  first, and that she can do the stay at home mom thing while she's doing  it and of course, that means she gets the new car while I'll get her  current car. She also said that it'd be a good time for us to have our  last baby, since she could stay home with him/her while in school after I  went back to work and it'd ""practically be maternity leave"" *Narcissists are delusional.*

&#x200B;

"" So instead of having an honest conversation about who should go to  school and how we'd handle the trust fund money, she made it about her,  and how *she* felt watching me while I  was pregnant and her agony of not being able to breastfeed her baby or  of knowing she could never be pregnant ..."" *That's a narcissist for ya.*"
1406,,Jo_in_TN,"Oh, my.  I'm so sorry you are going through all of this.

It appears that you are emotionally and financially invested in your family to the point of **denying yourself** needed things.

Unfortunately, your wife is emotionally and financially invested only in herself to the point of **denying her family** needed things.

Trans or not, you would be a fool to let this person get one dollar from your trust fund.  I know that's harsh, but your spouse is now a member of the ""cult of trans"" and it will affect you in ways too numerous to list here.

And until you get a legal separation, you will be responsible for any bills she accrues.

Take care."
1407,,smashy-galore,"I'm so sorry you're dealing with this, your spouse sounds like a typical narcissist who is stealing your life and your energy. It's unfair to you, and you don't deserve so little self-care and so much of the domestic and emotional labor – as well as this big debt burden! We've seen over and over that a trans spouse will drain away all the financial resources for their transition – and then just keep taking. Any reasonable person would feel badly about doing this to you. Leave and don't let your spouse get any of your trust money if you can work that out. Learn about financial management, go to debtor's anonymous if you have to (it's actually very supportive and not as dogmatic as other 12-steps), but get out of the debt lifestyle for your own sanity. Put your windfall money into savings – as much as you can. You'll find if you're not leaking money you can do a lot more with it and take care of yourself and your children and make all your own dreams come true. You need financial freedom. I would also recommend addressing your codependence in this relationship. This is not a judgement, I have similar issues and working on myself to find my own peace was the right thing because I can't control others. (Edit for child to children.)"
1408,,SadSwoleMaiden,"Run. Good grief, I'm so sorry you're in this situation, but for the sake of your children and your own sanity, you have to.  This isn't a trans issue, this is an issue with your spouse being selfish and abusive and taking advantage.  Spouse absolutely ignoring your needs and those of your children while driving your family into debt and refusing to shoulder their share of the burden? Not OK no matter who they are.

The trans issue is just the crazy icing on a crappy cake - this person seems to be using it as the excuse for their appalling behaviour.

Very glad you've got a supportive brother.  Stick with him, get that lawyer and don't talk to sister about it.  Hate to say it, but if she knows what you are doing, she may sabotage and tell your spouse if she's trying to get you to stay together."
1409,,vincewife,"Please keep us up to date. I’m so sorry. Also, as others have said, do not underestimate what he will do once you try to get away. Support networks, a good lawyer, and money (and depriving him of access to money he might abuse) are essential. If there’s any hint of physical coercion or violence, begin talking to a DV shelter to plan an exit"
1410,,cordeliagoode,I'm so sorry your in this situation. Take the money and the kids and leave. You deserve so much better than this narcissistic man.
1411,,Yorkie666,"Can't tell you what to do but if it were me, I'd kick him out. Leave him.

He is selfish. He does not respect you.

This is not an equal relationship. He will likely never change. He does not know how to love you.

Look up Richard Grannon on youtube, he explains narcissism, it's what your husband is.

If you leave him, don't take him back.

I hope you get to see this, there are so many comments!

Good luck x"
1412,,dullneedles,"I would start divorce proceedings long before that money goes anywhere near your bank account. I'm not sure if you're in the US but he might be legally entitled to half of the sum because 'husband'. I wouldn't drag my feet on this either, he's a textbook narcissist that doesn't have you or your children's best interest at heart. He's going to fleece you out of your own money and disappear into the sunset. Men have been doing the same since time immemorial. He's been showing you all this time what kind of person he is.


Believe him."
1413,,soupybrains,"Please, get the divorce as soon as you can. This is abusive."
1414,,teh_duranimal,"Leave her, this has nothing to do with it being trans,  they’re just trash regardless. Get out of there for your sake, and the kids’ sake."
1415,,bkfst_of_champinones,"You need to divorce him BEFORE you get your inheritance! He’s squandered his relationship with you, squandered money you don’t have with credit cards, hes potentially endangered your children, and he’ll squander your trust fund as well. Which means not only has he ruined your nuclear family, he’ll ruin your future and your kids’ futures as well. I’m sorry for being blunt but you’re right, love is not enough and it’s time to extricate yourself and your children before more terrible damage is done.

I need to add this: if you’re feeling guilty about leaving him because of transitioning, remind yourself that you’re not leaving him for being trans, you’re leaving him for being a sociopath."
1416,,Adnauseumv,"I think this is a very typical story- I’ve heard and read this many times, with small differences-please leave and invest time, money and love into your self. Please please."
1417,,,"Please look up Borderline Personality Disorder and Narcissistic Personality Disorder. It will change your life. Then run, and don't go back."
1418,,you-sound-mad,"You seem like a genuine kind hearted person. Your spouse sounds very selfish and not grounded in reality. She has/had a loving wife that took care of her and respected her when most would’ve left in your situation, yet she cannot look passed herself long enough to realize that there is two people in this marriage not just her. I’m a woman and it isn’t every aspect of my life. I don’t disregard others to make myself feel better as a woman. I don’t whine to other men and treat them different because I have periods and they don’t. I don’t envy men for something they cannot control, so I’m not sure why she envies you for simply existing (being able to get pregnant and the sorts). Honestly it’s bullshit. Idk what it is about this theme that makes it okay for some trans women to completely revert back to children. In this political climate we have today, they are cradled by an entire movement like babies; so much so that they forget that they are adults and that their feelings and needs do not come first in every aspect of life. I’d expect a child to think/feel/act this way because children are to be dependent and protected by society and the adults around them. But I’ll be damned if I sit here and hold a 30 year olds hand and allow them to act like my children. God bless you and get out while you can. Unless she can look beyond her damn self for 2 seconds out of the 10 years y’all have been together, I don’t see this being beneficial or salvageable for you. Trans people like this should just date each other. Can you imagine the narcissistic black hole the two of them would create in a small room? One upping each other’s tears and triggers. Good God."
1419,,bibliopuff,"One part of your story that really bothers me is the breastfeeding and maternity leave thing. That is so far from normal in actual lesbian relationships. My girlfriend has talked about how she’d like to be the one to carry a baby for us someday, and I would never ever think to go through the cost and effort of causing myself to lactate unless she ends up having major difficulty with it herself. Not to mention the whole point of maternity leave is to allow a woman some time to physically and emotionally recover from the act of giving birth. It sounds like your spouse is just obsessed with acting out her idea of womanhood, as if it’s nothing more than a frilly costume and a performance."
1420,,VanillaWaiver,"I’m so sorry you’re going through this. It sounds so disheartening and so exhausting. I know the most important things are your and your children’s safety and well-being, and that probably means divorce. But I’m worried about his getting half your money, so I would actually say there’s no Hope here and file for divorce BEFORE your birthday. I would think that may protect your trust fund from your spouse getting half of it. They sound so selfish and self-absorbed. Definitely no sex and no unprotected sex and oh, so they’re on hormones but also still fertile? Hmm. Anyway protect yourself and your family and get away from this narcissist as soon as you can. They will still have visitation or even custody rights but you will not be chained to them and their bad mistakes. Half those credit card bills will probably be your responsibility, if they’re in both your names. So sorry your spouse has taken this selfish journey."
1421,,Purl4luv,"You are absolutely right about everything that you've said! But you may not realize that you are in an abusive relationship and it's only going to get worse. And it will get even worse when you get your money.

You have to keep your money away from your spouse who will spend it on themselves and leave you & the kids destitute. You also need to get out now! If you don't you'll continue to be abused by your spouse! You must leave for the health & safety of you and your children. Your spouse is showing dangerous mental illness!

You already know it's wrong and you know you need to leave. Counseling may work in the future but right now you have protect yourself and your children!

Have courage and to what you know that should do! Good luck."
1422,,alllthewebs,It‘s very inspiring to see someone waking up and making the changes they need to for their children and themselves.  Good on you.
1423,,Sp4nk50L0,"you need to get out and fast, there is a whole list of mentally abusive patterns going on here hiding behind a trans mask designed to make you feel like you are not being understanding or supportive. I suffered similar with my wife but stuck with it until I amassed and walked away with nothing but our shared debt.

YOU are worth more than that and as shitty as you may feel, you need to be free of this before depression and worse set in."
1424,,chopsuey67,"Just leave your ""wife"" shes gonna be holding you back your entire life, and youre gonna regret not leaving her"
1425,,Lucretia123,"This guy is freeloading on you and sending you and your children further into debt.

It's time to set him free, making sure he can't wrack up further debt that you are responsible for.

Run and my best wishes are running with you."
1426,,standingpretty,"Wow, what an entitled piece of shit. I’ve only been lurking this sub but wow, I had to comment on this one.   Sounds like a divorce is the only option because he’s a giant entitled child.

And your friend probably recommended this sub because lots of subs would probably accuse you of being a “Transphobe” or “bigot” for criticizing this “stunning and brave” individual. Here they will actually recognize who the real problem is and offer the right support.

It’s a shame that people are messaging you slandering you when all you want is to vent your reasonable frustrations. I wish the best for you and your kids❤️"
1427,,,"TERF = Trans Exclusionary Radical Feminist

I’d say get out ASAP, you don’t need that emotional or financial burden. I’m hoping our have supportive family and friends who can help you out here."
1428,,Amareldys,"Ok. Talk to the trustee of the trust fund and explain. They have the right to refuse giving you the money. Ask them to be the bad guy for you.

Don’t do her laundry. Just stop. Leave her in a pile and let her do it. Same with any orher chores that are for her.

When you mow the lawn, “I was planning on mowing the lawn tomorrow, could you please take care of breakfast and clean up while I do that”. It sucks that you have to think of the chores. But you do. So delegate

Would telling her you think she looks hot vaccuuming in heels work? Watch some 50s sitcoms where the elegant lady is cleaning?"
1429,,FruitTreesRule,"If you do divorce, I'd be very surprised is this dude demands full, or even part, custody. He can't bother to do any chores for himself so cleaning up after two kids would give him a huge kick in the balls.

Plus it sounds like he can't handle child rearing in general since he pawns that off to you 100% of the time.

People say ""leave him, divorce him"" and although I agree I do recognize that lighting a bomb on your marriage is going to be emotionally devastating, even if it's the right thing to do in the long run. Usually when people knee jerk into divorce with out a plan they are left vulnerable.

I suggest coming up with a plan b over the next few months. Talk to a divorce lawyer to come up with a plan. Slowly disconnect yourself emotionally from your spouse. Read this sub. Document their behavior to reinforce why you want to leave. Educate yourself on the financial side of divorce, and staying married to a man who racks up debt. come up with a plan to financially protect yourself as much as possible. Find a confidant who will help you make this transition to being single again because it will be scary and painful at times. Again, read this sub because he and his friends will use the trans thing to leverage power over you, gaslight you, guilt trip you, etc.

Good luck and post updates for support."
1430,,gboonvper,"I'm so glad your brother is doing that. I'm so glad you said you were leaving at the end of this. Your children will thank you and you will thank you.

You are 100% not a shitty person and I wish you the best of luck."
1431,,Rumlad1122,"You do what is best for you and your children. It sounds like you are second best to your partners gender change in my opinion. And that your partner doesn't realise that children and family come first before anything.

I have very little experience with transsexuals, but it's seems to me that when a person is transitioning, then that becomes the be all and end all to their existence. Everything centre's around them and their change, it consumes their mentality and opinion on almost everything.

Get out before you receive the money, as if you stay with this person, they will only be thinking about how they can get their hands on the money to spend on their new lifestyle, thus be taking the money away from your children and yourself."
1432,,Annelie2,"God that would make me explode. I can totally understand wanting to divorce that person.
Just a few tips, as I'm a single parent as well: buying a house is not worth it. My parents used to own one and the expenses like new central heating, .. can really break your neck when you don't have savings. Just renting something makes your income more planned. I've lived in cheap appartment blocks for most of my life and there are really good ones, very central in the city that have playgrounds in the garden and everything. You get used to it. If you can afford it, there are houses to rent as well. I also buy everything, from furniture to clothing thrifted or on flea markets. There are special flea markets for children's stuff, you should really look out for those! They usually have shoes as well. I was glad about that since good shoes are necessary for children and they can be really expensive. A library card is a good idea as well, my daughter just started reading. It is totally possible to raise children on your own, don't worry :) better times will come when you got rid of him"
1433,,StephanCom,DTMFA.
1434,,zayria02,"Oh my God. Please dump your spouse. You and your kids need it. You have been through a lot already.

(Btw this sounds like the -sadly- typical situation where the man doesn't do shit and wastes all the family money on crap while the mom does all the domestic work and suffers in silence)"
1435,,theguiltyfemfan,"You've been incredibly supportive of your wife's dysmorphia, but that doesn't excuse any of her behaviour. If she hadn't transitioned, her unacceptable behaviour would've been obvious long ago.

I hope you have the strength to move on and do what's best for you for once, you deserve to."
1436,,stealthpursesnatch,"I know this isn’t what the post was really about, but I’m confused about something: how was your husband going to be able to breastfeed?

Anyone can answer. I guess I always assumed that you had to be a woman who had recently given birth to breastfeed.

Oh, add me to the long list of people telling you to leave. Your husband is a piece of work!"
1437,,,[deleted]
1438,,tgbaby4u2,"Your wife is a fucking narcissist. Although from my experience many trans people are. I think it comes from the dysphoria.
Anyway, handle this very carefully, lest she get your inheritance or pulls some custody shit with the kids. Dont give her time to plan. I'm glad you're talking to lawyers. You deserve to be happy and get your life back!"
1439,,waffleflavouredfloss,"shes using you as a free surrogate for a chance at being ""a real mom"" dont let this happen to one of your offspring.

shes using you as a free maid and yardworker.

shes using you.

shes a selfish woman full stop. youre not a terf for wanting out of an abusive relationship.

dont let her get your trust fund money.

&#x200B;

EDIT: also if hes going to have your kids around strangers you dont know when she gets whatever custody she gets, try to get supervised visitation."
1440,,AngelaM29,"I give you a lot of credit for staying this long!  I personally couldn’t do it, not because I have any issues with trans people but you married a man. I am assuming you are a straight female who is now married to a woman. I married a man for love and for life with a man. My husband does the typical male things and I do the typical female things. When I need an oil change he does it. When he comes in from doing that and is hungry I make him something to eat.  Not that we don’t ever step out of our “traditional male/female roles to help each other out and not saying everyone has to be like us but if he wanted to become a woman(sounds mean) but I have no use for a woman around the house or with our kids. I am not attracted to woman and I can’t even handle woman friends because of the neediness that comes with most woman. Not to mention sexual intimacy I want a man not a woman.  I felt from reading your story that your husband doesn’t even recognize or care how you feel.  Like this isn’t about your life at all. You just have to accept all this. To bad that you wanted and married a man. I am going to act like a spoiled teenager and you just have to deal with it.

You would be doing yourself and your children a great service leaving this toxic, unwanted, unhealthy relationship!  One day find a nice man and have the life you deserve. You only get one life and you matter to!!

Good luck with what ever you choose!!"
1441,,RaspberryInk,"\[edit\] I just read my post, and I'd just like to say from the start that I'm sorry you're going through this. It sounds really difficult, and I hope you have the support you need. The end of a marriage is rough, no matter the circumstances.

&#x200B;

To me it sounds like your SO is using (abusing) being trans and your love and accommodation for her to act like a spoiled, self-centered brat. This is probably mostly caused by deep, pervasive insecurity on her part, but it sounds like the insecurity is taking over as she tries way too hard to achieve a probably unachievable/unrealistic view of what it means to be ""female."" It sounds like there's some significant maturing that she needs to do, which probably needs a lot more therapy. I would expect there's a lifetime of work on her part, and depending on her own personality, it could even be unachievable. Real, deep change is always a long and difficult process.

More importantly, it's not your responsibility to solve her problems. Her internal emotional/psychological struggles are her own. It sounds like you've been supportive and tried, which IMO, is what a spouse should do. It's not a failing on your part if your SO has things that you can't resolve. Like you, I've always had a deep seated view that marriage is forever, but I had my marriage end due to my SO's mental illness. Like you, I struggled for a while with feeling like a failure for ""giving up."" I was unsure of myself and didn't know if I was making the right decision. It took years to work through it--no matter the circumstances, or how right the decision, ending a marriage is a tragic experience. Even if it's right, it sucks. Looking back a decade later, there was nothing I could do to help my ex. Staying was hurting us both. It was important to me to feel like I really tried and didn't just give up on my marriage, but it was ultimately the right decision to end it. You may not really know if you're making the right decision, but you have to care for yourself. If you really can't do it anymore, then trust yourself--you're doing the right thing."
1442,,,[removed]
1443,,,[removed]
1444,,,"Am I the only one who thinks this post doesn't belong here? this is a subreddit for radical feminists, including gender critical thinking. What does this post have to do with that?


This is not a relationship advice sub.


And contrary to popular belief, this is not a sub for ""hating"" on trans people or getting involved in relationship problems with them."
1445,,,[removed]
1446,,consider-thecoconut,"My mind is seriously blown.

Also what century are we living in that men can't do their own laundry? I've lived with my bf for 3 years and I think I did his laundry once, and folded it for him like 3 times. And that's only cause he left it in and went to bed and  I felt bad for him cause he wakes up very early so I finished it up for him.

He also did his own laundry at home, his father did his own laundry...

I cant imagine a grown ass man needing me to do his laundry lmao"
1447,,feministunderyrbed,"> washing dishes

Well, OP just didn’t make it fun for him, showing him the way real girls do it, you know, with lots of towel snapping and water splashing and probably somebody ending up bent over the counter getting spanked uwu /s

Sorry, OP, that was off topic, but something about men not doing chores burns me up."
1448,,,"Good example how TIMs like this don't want to be women, just fetishized caricatures without all the sexism and oppression that defines everything we do like being expected to do laundry and dishes for the adult men in our lives, nope it is about that lacey bra! Only white, straight, privileged men in developed countries would be this delusional and entitled, that is the only excuse for ignoring the obvious struggles and experiences of women this is right in their faces on a daily basis. Narcissism and entitlement."
1449,,bluelustreak,Exactly. And dysphoria aside: You are one person. You cannot do it all. You will get cancer from the strain.
1450,,OnismaOmena,">This is your opportunity to get the hell out of this marriage, pay off your share of his debt, and make sure he doesn't get his grubby hands on the money your relative gave you.

This exactly.

OP, through your trust fund, you are being handed a second chance to save yourself and your children. Don't fucking waste it. Most women saddled with shitty husbands/SOs would give their left arm for such an opportunity. You are far more fortunate than most, so use your good fortune wisely.

I know I sound harsh, but I'm at my limit with shitty male behaviour and this story is fucking extra.

Also, the number of women in this thread using female pronouns to describe OP's shitsack husband made me double check to make sure I didn't somehow stumble into a libfem shitfest sub. Knock that shit off."
1451,,catipillar,">Also, men don't have a good track record with paying back their wives when their wives work to put them through school. 

Oh how true this is."
1452,,Veneficca,">Once he becomes a ""stay at home wife/mother"", I know and you know and everyone here knows that you will continue to do 99 percent of the housework and child care while he studies and does his nails.

Often true even of non-TIM males. In my world, my friends' husbands who are SAHDs actually hand the kids off to their mother or MIL to watch, and then their wives have to schedule pediatrician appointments from work, rush home to cook dinner, and do laundry at midnight before getting up at 5 a.m. for their jobs."
1453,,aladyfleeingzombies,"I probably do say sorry too much, and definitely for sure do it more after my wife transitioned. It was like living with a hormonal 12 year old for a bit there, and it was also really annoying because you can tell a hormonal 12 year old (like my mother told *me* and I fully plan on telling my daughter) that she's allowed to have emotions but not allowed to use those emotions as an excuse to treat those around her like dirt. You try to tell your trans wife that and you're apparently not being understanding of what she's going through. Which made me mad, but I ignored my anger and tried to be empathetic.

All of what you said about breastfeeding is true and what we found on our research; wife did not like reading it at *all* and it and my ""lack of support for *her*"" (because, you know, I was 100% concerned about the baby's needs as well as the money) was a hot topic in therapy for too long.

>Can't even be bothered to help you clean up and give you a chance to hang out with your children?

The kids are doing their own age appropriate chores too after dinner; and occasionally she'll give them a hand which actually isn't helpful because I want the kids learning how to do things and that it's part of them being apart of the household so everyone has chores. If I ask, she'll help me dry dishes or something, but I don't think I *should* have to ask you know?

I looked at the ""mypartneristrans"" subreddit, and honestly it feels like there's a lot of very young people there, and/or those in the same place I was two years ago. I don't think they have any valid advice or would offer much support to me; it feels like it would be about my wife's needs and feelings if I did post there. Her needs and feelings are all I've been hearing about since she told me. God, even when I was in labor I had to hear about how it was making her feel. You ladies are biased in my favor, and I think I need that."
1454,,stainedflowerjumper,I like you.
1455,,aladyfleeingzombies,"**Replying to the top post again** to say that honestly, I'm seriously considering giving my wife an excuse to go stay in my home state for the two months residency requirement then filing (and talking to a lawyer there.)

It feels dishonest, and like every evil ex wife stereotype, especially with how my home state treats trans people but given the state we live in I don't think courts here are going to look at the facts and put my kids and whats best for them first over my wife.

The kids are all I care about. A little bit me, but honestly, 95% is them. Especially my daughter. She's not a doll for my wife to live vicariously though.

I can't stop thinking about when my daughter is a teenager. What if she doesn't like wearing dresses like I did at that age? Or doesn't want long hair or like getting her nails painted? Will wife make her feel bad for any of that? Like my daughter is less of a girl? And I can't stop picturing my daughter telling me she got her first period, then my wife getting upset daughter didn't tell *her* first, and making our daughter feel a little...not quite guilty because wife won't ever have a period or get pregnant assuming wife lets us talk freely about it instead of hiding it. God, I can't even ask her to pick up some tampons on her way home because it upsets her.

As I keep think about it, I'm realizing I'd feel awkward with my wife sitting there sharing in this moment, just like I would have if my dad had been sitting there with me and my mom when we talked about it.  Uggghhh.

 I hate my job, especially after what they pulled after my daughter was born, and I think my spouse will buy me quitting to go out of state -especially if I promise or at least imply that I'm down with her college plans and will get another job asap after I return. Wife pays daycare for our daughter out of her paycheck so I'm sure she'll be happy to not have to pay that while we're out of state. Son will miss the last six/seven weeks of school but that's okay.

God, this won't be easy. I need to talk to my brother and a lawyer in this state and home state. My sister in law is very pregnant with twins, I'm sure my brother will be okay lying and saying they need me to come help them out and for the kids to come too to keep my nephew company."
1456,,aladyfleeingzombies,"Reading it likes this helps a lot, thank you. I'm glad I posted here."
1457,,aintyourophelia,ALL OF THIS. I was struck reading your post that everything is about him. Would you tolerate this if they weren't trans? It sounds like you are raising the kids and doing all the housework and looking after him.  Seriously - fuck that.
1458,,Cantkeepmedownwont,Don’t forget your partner thinks children are accessories that can be created for the purpose of appeasing their vanity.
1459,,Anoia74,"This. Also, it sounds like OP has another child, not a spouse."
1460,,PlayLysistrataRules,"Completely agree with Tmikthnx2 here, without the gender stuff in the mix this person is parasitical, they are expecting you to do everything and appear to view all the money as theirs. So on that basis alone you have grounds to feel used and leave. They are also racking up debt which will get worse and you need to be away from that crap especially with a child.

&#x200B;

So here is the gender bit. IMO this is just an exhibition of male privilege, notable is the fact that he  doesn't take on any of the 'women's work' (it isn't women's work but in a patriarchal society is often seen as such) while also eschewing what he sees as 'male work'. He is taking you for a ride, a fully paid all inclusive ride.

&#x200B;

You need to leave, for you and for your child who shouldn't grow up seeing you being used in this way.  I wish nothing but the best for you and recommend you look at feminist chat on Mumsnet (a forum) there is a transwidows support thread there, largely left alone. The women there are amazing and supportive, they will be there for you. I'll link you if you want. Take care OP - I'm rooting for you."
1461,,aladyfleeingzombies,"Honestly I'm not even sure why I posted here when I'm pretty sure what I'm going to do -I already talked to my older brother about borrowing money for a lawyer, and I've got a couple of meetings lined up next week.

Your comment made me realize why I posted here; I just want to hear from other women who have gone through the same thing. That it's not me being a shitty person who wants to throw in the towel on my marriage because I can't deal."
1462,,hardy_and_free,"Start creating a paper trail about how much he doesn't help with kids, housework, etc."
1463,,kabloona,">Once you use trust money for a joint purpose, such as a house or car it is no longer solely your money, that money becomes jointly held within the marriage and claimable by him."
1464,,aladyfleeingzombies,"I'm definitely reading there right now, thank you. It's really nice to know I'm not alone in what I'm experiencing."
1465,,Carthimundia,I second this! If you read the thread you will see that this behaviour from your spouse is super typical and will NOT improve. He will keep spending all the money on himself. What a shame this compulsion to be seen as female never leads to them having a drive to do housework or child care...
1466,,AnotherWarGamer,At what point can the OP sue for this trans bullshit brainwashing that has been pushed on society? This is clearly causing major problems for the society. And how on earth does this work according to marriage? Shouldn't this completely violate the marriage contract?
1467,,Capybara18,Likely he will use all the money for transitioning. Look up “trans widows”—it’s common for wives to be left with debt after their husbands transition.
1468,,Baredmysole,"He sounds like an entitled male, forcing his wife to pay for his voluntary participation in the artificial, obscenely expensive, and sometimes painful aesthetic rituals of femininity (like waxing) which are themselves the products of male imagination and the invaluable tools of patriarchy imposed on every female since birth to keep her poor, self-doubting, and sexually appealing to the male gaze..."
1469,,aladyfleeingzombies,"I don't think she'd dump me; I do think she's going to continue racking up credit card debt even after it's paid off because she needs a new dress or another pair of shoes or a designer purse that she flat out says she wants to get after I receive my trust fund. I'm not spending thousands of dollars on a purse, no matter if it increases in value or not or could be a heirloom for our daughter.

I can't have a real conversation about money or our debt with her without her bringing up the fact she's trans and that excuses how bad she is with money now. She was way more frugal before. It's so exhausting."
1470,,Platero719,This. I'm biting my fingernails because I'm anxious and don't want that to happen. Claims to be female but plans to use a very male trick- using wife for financial support and childcare during his education and then dumping her when he gets bored.
1471,,fuckincaillou,">  If you're not on contraception, get on it NOW (men make jokes about women ""trapping"" them when they're no better 🙄)

**OP, LISTEN TO THIS PART!!**"
1472,,aladyfleeingzombies,"I'm picking that book up from the library tomorrow, thank you.

I hate the state we live in, and I definitely want to move back to the Midwest where the rest of my family is. We'd talked about moving there here and there before, because of how cheap it is to live, but of course it was off the table after wife became wife, because she was worried about her safety and the safety of me & the kids.

Our financial situation is such that our joint account has about two months worth of bare basic rent/utilities/food money in it, and that's it so I'm not super worried about her draining it. We talked about merging bank accounts here and there but have never really gotten around to it because it wasn't that important to either of us. My brother is fully willing to loan me money for a lawyer, and I'm sure he'd be willing to loan me more if needed especially with how close I am to getting my trust fund."
1473,,aladyfleeingzombies,"> This is so gross and extreme it almost looks fake.

I wish. I didn't include the good parts of the marriage and her, just the things that really really bothered me. I didn't bother to include any of the good, because none of the good bits matter. I'm done."
1474,,heidischallenge,"There’s a trans widow blog on our sidebar. If you read it chronologically, you see the change the marriage went through. This author also did a TED talk."
1475,,bigpapi579,I just came here to recommend this. I'm sure the OP will find it relatable.
1476,,kabloona,Definitely make notes about the time you went out of town and he brought in an unknown 'friend' to help
1477,,nutzphobic,"Everything you said Dexters, sound advice - OP should be extremely careful cutting off a narcissistic from *his* financial goals with *her* money. It won't be pretty, and he probably will fight for custody so he can play SAHM.

Very much plan quietly, as others have said. That would include deleting this thread within less than 24 hours.

ps - I just signed up to reply to your comment"
1478,,PurportedFeminist,All of this \^.
1479,,Elle-laments,This needs more up votes. Well said.
1480,,kabloona,God that is all too familiar to me
1481,,gothpeanutbutter,r/itsafetish
1482,,st_quiteria,"I don't think in a real lesbian couple both partners would expect to nurse the baby, would they? I mean, only the one giving birth is likely to be lactating."
1483,,hoikhoikhoik,"Here it is OP: [Trans Widows Escape Committee](https://www.mumsnet.com/Talk/womens_rights/3471122-trans-widows-escape-committee-2-the-trans-widows-strike-back)

I came here specifically to post this. Please read it, please get support, don’t have anymore babies with him and don’t let him take your opportunity to continue your education!

I’m wishing you so much good luck OP."
1484,,peregrine_throw,"His being trans matters because everyone's gaslighting her as the abusive one or the jerk who will not support the ~woman he's brave enough to be~ and that takes a mental and emotional toll, at the least. Somewhere between ""will you be an ass who abandons a spouse who was diagnosed with cancer"" and be treated as a social pariah for being A HATEFUL TRANSPHOBE. Manipulative and emotional blackmail SMH"
1485,,,It DOES matter if her partner is trans. Read that part about her partner wanting to breast feed her baby. HE is going to be exposing the baby to a variety of potentially dangerous chemicals excreted through breast milk.
1486,,voodooqueen126,I think so to. Basically the autogynephile is in love with the feminine version of himself. When ppl deny this fantasy it’s as if you molested the wife of a normal heterosexual man. Actual women are just wombs because they think they are so much better than us they can replace us in every field.
1487,,anchovycupcakes,">Don’t feel bad. Your partner is not a partner. You carry all the load while they play dress up and spend money. Tell him to go find himself a sugar daddy.
>

All the advice can be summed up with this. Move on sister. We're here to support you. Get a divorce. This dude in a dress is a leech."
1488,,peregrine_throw,">It's almost as if the man is trying to become the image of the woman he wishes his wife would be.

More like the woman he jacks off to while watching porn. You know it's AGP and totally sex-fueled when their image of 'woman' is this highly sexualized caricature. It's not 'I want to live as a regular woman, saggy belly, warts and all, doing domestic chores', but 'I want to live as the hot fuck~~woman~~girl in stilettos and sexy clothes, giving myself erections 24/7'."
1489,,timecube_traveler,"There's some medications that make everyone lactate, like some anti-depressants. I can't imagine that it's particularly healthy though."
1490,,EgregiousWeasel,They use drugs (domperidone) with manual stimulation and sometimes a breast pump to induce lactation. The discharge they get is nowhere near the quality or quantity of actual mother's breastmilk.
1491,,ThisIsNotShakira,">He even told me the kids feel like adopted kids because he didn't give birth to them, so it's hard to bond with them.

I am actually speechless. I feel horrible for you, but even worse for your kids. Please tell me you have a plan to leave this man?"
1492,,milpathecat,"It matters because he uses being trans to drain her money, use the children as props and emotionally manipulate OP and socially isolate her. But I get what you're saying, it's red flags regardless."
1493,,dullneedles,\^\^Cannot stress this enough.
1494,,BeansandPigtail,I am sure OP will need CBT therapy herself after she escapes. Better to spend her money in her mental health and he can spend his money on his. The OP needs to leave as soon as possible.
1495,,,"There's no ""her"" to leave. He is a man."
1496,,versperalaxis,"i’m sorry but so many people bring up bpd and ffs the lot of you don’t even know what the actual issues for us are. stop using us as a cop out. there’s a difference between narcissism and bpd.

any other mental illness, you’d want to help us. not this one, though.

edit: down vote all you want, but you’re not the advocates for mental health like you think you are and don’t know what you’re talking about."
1497,,kabloona,"Yes, but this is not an actual lesbian relationship"
1498,,,He is a man.
1499,,aladyfleeingzombies,Okay?
1500,,PurportedFeminist,"This woman is trying to leave an abusive narcissist. She should not give him ANY clue anything has changed until it's a *fait accompli.* Pushing back on small things like lawn mowing will only clue him in that she's thinking about getting out from under his thumb. This will put her in literal danger.

OP, best of luck to you. Please stay safe and don't give your spouse any HINT in advance that you're not prepared to take this abuse any longer. Get your legal and financial ducks in a row, plan your timing carefully, and the get yourself and your kids to safety."
1501,,StephanCom,"and start calling him ""he."""
1502,,ThisIsNotShakira,"Men do have some milk ducts, and some mammary tissue, and *theoretically* they can produce milk - either due to taking drugs that induce lactation, or because it is a symptom of breast cancer, etc.

However, so little is even really known about the components of women’s breast milk beyond we know that it has benefits for babies immune systems and so on beyond the colostrum stage (another example of how medicine ignores women for most part), that it is just negligent in my opinion to feed a baby male breast milk with so much unknown about its quality and how it compares to women’s breast milk. Also, women need to produce a LOT of milk for their babies (and if they can’t, the baby is at risk of being undernourished if they don’t switch to formula); I would be surprised if men can do that given they do have a lot less milk ducts and mammary tissue. Can you imagine one of these selfish men, like OPs husband, feeding a baby every 2-3 hours for half an hour or more around the clock? Or dealing with a baby not latching or needing to take an hour each time to get the amount the baby needs then getting an hour before having to go again?

Oh yeah, and then there is the whole they would be passing the drugs they need to induce lactation to the babies. It is all about the men’s fee fees, and not about the best interests or health of the child.

A woman who was “starving” her baby of milk and nutrients because she could not produce enough milk would be vilified; she is also often vilified if she switches to formula because of the same. But a man who can squeeze out some droplets of milk of uncertain quality - possibly contaminated with drugs - is so brave and stunning!

Women who haven’t given birth at all or not recently can also breastfeed by inducing lactation, though it can be easier if they have prior experience. Women used to act as milk nurses to other women’s babies (either as the mothers would not or could not breastfeed, of they were dead from childbirth/died during the child’s infancy). Sometimes the milk nurses would have to leave their own babies behind or undernourished to do this, or have even lost their own babies, but sometimes they either had no children or had them long ago, and were able to stimulate lactation with suckling, a baby’s cry, etc. Pre-formula, this was often the only chance a baby with a dead mother, or mother who could not feed, had."
1503,,dullneedles,"The stuff that comes from a male's milk ducts is so nutritionally void that it should not even be called 'milk'. It fills their stomach but does not change according the the child's needs as it grows, or provide antibodies to help develop their immune system. It's a purely selfish act to deny his own child essential nutrients to validate his breastfeeding fetish."
1504,,,"Not ""wife"". Husband. Stop cooperating with gaslighting."
1505,,,"That is not ""her wife"". That is her husband. He is a man. Stop cooperating with gaslighting."
1506,,,"HE. Not ""she"".


Stop that. This is a MAN."
1507,,ThisIsNotShakira,"He is a selfish *man* full stop.

And she is not a terf because it’s a slur. No one is a terf for not wanting to centre men in feminism, or women’s spaces, or not wanting to sleep with a man, or for wanting a divorce - whether due to abuse or not."
1508,,peregrine_throw,"OP is not ""now married to a woman""; she still married to a man who happens to be prioritizing his sexual appetite over his familial responsibilities as a married adult by larping as a woman. He's still male, with a dick, just like 4 years prior, only this time in a dress and bra for his moobs."
1509,,inabc123,“Neediness that comes with most women”? Wtf? Female friends are great. Sounds like you’re the problem if you can’t handle female friends.
1510,,VoVoWo,"Lmao the MISOGYNY.

Oil changes? Should have married a MAN hunny 💁🏽‍♀️. All of his behavior SCREAMS male ENTITLEMENT and people like you 😂 out here justifying that shit because he thinks he’s a “woman”? LMAO. Dude couldn’t be more of a fetishizing straight male if he tried 😷"
1511,,,His problems. He is not a woman.
1512,,ValuableAsparagus5,All abuse (and transwidow) stories are packed with tropes. They're all about a pattern of male behaviour. How dismissive of you.
1513,,,[removed]
1514,,ValuableAsparagus5,"The story has common elements with all the transwidow/emotional abuse stories I have seen. It reflects a highly frequent pattern of male behaviour that is one of the reasons for radical feminism existing. To diminish that pattern to ""talking points"" is so wrong."
1515,,Goofygrrl,It belongs here because this woman is about to go head to head against the trans cult. A cult which will Attempt to gaslight her and convince her she is a horrible human being for not staying with her transitioning spouse.  She needs a place to question this ideology with a community who will support her rather than centering her husband.
1516,,Jo_in_TN,"Imo, this post could serve as ""exhibit A"" as to why we have to fight the transgender lobby so hard."
1517,,,[deleted]
1518,,dullneedles,"If she had sought help anywhere else they would have blamed all of his disgusting, selfish behavior squarely upon her. Not to mention, probably stalked and threatened with rape/murder because that's usually the first place they go to when somebody doesn't obey and continue to validate them, no matter how abusive they get"
1519,,ThisIsNotShakira,"It’s not that they can’t or need someone to do it, it’s that they *won’t*, and it is surprising to me how many women I have met seem to accept this or just fill in for them, sometimes at first to be the Perfect Girlfriend or Perfect Wife (TM) but then continue on even when they resent it as they don’t want fo fight about it or he “works so hard!” If he is going to fight with you about fact you won’t wash *his* dirty underwear we all know who the ridiculous one in this scenario is. Also, you know who else works hard? Almost everyone. Even on 12+ hour workdays someone can push a few buttons on a washing machine. Women do this all the time. So too can a man who claims he works harder than everyone.

I am with you, I find it incredibly bizarre when men “can’t” or won’t do laundry or wash dishes or any other chore. Maybe it’s because any man I have dated lived on their own at some point, and many came from single mother homes, but they have all been able to make the bed, do laundry, wash dishes, scrub toilets, etc. I have zero patience for men who believe their penis interferes with their ability to operate a washing machine.

Even worse than a man who won’t do their laundry is one who will *only* launder the clothes they wear and not the household stuff or kids laundry, too. No.

Also can’t imagine why any grown man should need a “chore chart” but on advice forums where women are looking for advice with a male partner not doing work around the house that seems to always be the overwhelming advice. I am pretty sure if I was living with a grown man where he needed a chore chart to do basic adulting like taking care of his habitat, I would not be sleeping with that man ever again. Nothing kills my libido quite like a man who needs to be treated like a child."
1520,,,[removed]
1521,,consider-thecoconut,Lol seriously...I cant with these people
1522,,alllthewebs,Not enough bubbles and giggles.
1523,,consider-thecoconut,YUPPPPPPPP. if this isnt evidence it's a fetish idk what is
1524,,futchydutchy,"But he's is female now. Sooo: only white, straight, privileged WOMEN in developed countries would be this delusional and entitled, right?"
1525,,catipillar,">Also, the number of women in this thread using female pronouns to describe OP's shitsack husband made me double check to make sure I didn't somehow stumble into a libfem shitfest sub. Knock that shit off.

I, too, noticed this and had to double check where I am. Women here calling him *she.* Blood boiling."
1526,,vulvapeople,"Oh absolutely. I wasn’t trying to say that only TIMs can be shitty fathers and husbands, but this guy, in particular, has already proven that he’s lazy as fuck and that he doesn’t give a shit about his wife and kids."
1527,,,">""lack of support for her"" (because, you know, I was 100% concerned about the baby's needs as well as the money)

Think about this also in the bigger context. Rather than putting the baby's needs first, it's all about that ""validation"". The baby's needs come first, and if that's not how it is now, how will it be in the future? What's that going to teach the kid about their parent and how they should expect to be treated?

>  If I ask, she'll help me dry dishes or something, but I don't think I *should* have to ask you know?

You shouldn't have to ask:  [https://english.emmaclit.com/2017/05/20/you-shouldve-asked/](https://english.emmaclit.com/2017/05/20/you-shouldve-asked/)

> You ladies are biased in my favor, and I think I need that.

It's all about putting women first, you know? If we don't do it, who will?"
1528,,milpathecat,We are fully with you. You got this.
1529,,,I recommend that you lurk in the r/bpdlovedones sub and check out their sidebar; you will find resources that will help you predict your partner's actions and deal with them.
1530,,montanagraey,"Again putting aside the gender transition: if your children are your first priority, as you state, then **you are your children’s first line of defense.** I have three hetero female friends who are all leaving their husbands with children and every one of them is coming to the clear realization that **he does not have your children’s best interest at heart or in mind,** The trans stuff is irrelevant. His behavior and choices are telling you what his priorities are and whose best interest he has in mind: HIS. **Believe people when they show you who they are.** It is your responsibility as a parent to have your children’s best interest as a priority and to protect them from those who do not have their best interest at heart. It doesn’t matter *who* it is you are protecting them from. Your children need you to make good and right choices for them. They need you to protect them. Not protecting them can do a lifetime of damage. **Protect your children from those who do not have their best interest at heart** You are all they have in this whole world."
1531,,PlayLysistrataRules,"Given a lot of what I have seen your daughter may even be in danger of your partner being jealous of that first period and resenting her for it. I see a lot of TiM online lamenting the loss of their 'girlhood' and fetishising it so the temptation to live vicariously through your daughter could well be strong. Shut that shit down now. Start the process privately now, get what you need together and remove yourself from this toxic situation before it affects your self-confidence (if it hasn't already) and your daughters."
1532,,thelwnaarxizw,"If you were in a normal, non-abusive relationship, you wouldn't have to lie to get away. You are not. This is not a normal man you're leaving. You need to get out and you can use any means necessary of doing so. If you need to lie, then lie."
1533,,Tmikthnx2,Put in place the logistical stuff you need.  And then go.  Do what you need to do.
1534,,watpompyelah,">Will wife make her feel bad for any of that? Like my daughter is less than a girl?

I have an narcissistic (not diagnosed, I just see a lot of tendencies in him that are the same as narcissistic personal disorder) father that I left very recently, and this is one of the main reasons. I was told that because I didn’t want to wear dresses as a toddler, he gave up on “spoiling” me because I wasn’t girly enough for him.

It sounds like outside of being trans, your SO is selfish and/or narcissistic. Please, please, take it from my experience—he will hurt your daughter with exactly what you’re fearing. He, like my father, only cares about how what happens to others affects *him.*

I don’t say this to scare you or to have some witch hunt against your husband. My father wasn’t trans, but he acted in much the same narcissistic ways as your husband is now acting (not helping you with anything, taking care of himself at your great expense, and looking at a possible future baby as an accessory for himself). I say this because I was essentially in what you fear to soon be your daughters shoes, and I can tell you that yes, it will fuck her up. To attack her on such a level as her femininity like that—it will fuck her up. Trust me."
1535,,enbiee,"I'm so sorry all this is happening to you. I would reiterate what everyone else is saying here: speak to your lawyer and only speak to trusted family members. Keep a record of everything, especially receipts and expenditures. You are not a shitty person, you are being put in an impossible situation by somebody who is supposed to care about you. You need to preserve yourself so you can be there for your kids."
1536,,SadSaltyCNN,"You should be able to enroll your son in school where you move pretty fast so he doesn't have to miss the rest of the school year. It will also help him adjust to his new life faster by keeping him occupied and around other kids.

Get copies of his vaccine and medical records ASAP, and make sure you have an official copy of his birth certificate. Call the elementary school you think he'll attend and ask what you need to get him enrolled as soon as you move.

You DON'T need to tell your spouse you're gathering copies of the medical records or calling schools."
1537,,Amareldys,"If you have a place to go in your brother, do."
1538,,HyperMenthol,Be stealthy. Don’t let your husband know of your plans.
1539,,Kang2143,"Its okay to talk to a lawyer. You are a good person. You are not a bitch or a transphobe. You are doing whats best for yourself, and, more importantly, your children."
1540,,Cissasquatch,"Your fears about how he will treat your daughter are entirely justified. I can only be grateful my father didn't transition until I was in my late teens and finally feeling some confidence in my gender-non-conforming approach to womanhood. Nevertheless, I was still deeply wounded by the way he treated me: comparing his femininity to my lack of it, ""helpfully"" explaining to me how to be a better woman, lashing out and targeting my insecurities when he felt I wasn't supportive enough. He even tried to make me take prenatal vitamins despite my being outspokenly childfree and not fucking pregnant, ""just in case"". The blatant womb envy might be what fucked me up the most.

My heart aches when you talk about how he's already treating your daughter. Please get her away from him. When she's older, she can make her own decision about how involved she wants him to be in her life, but right now you need to remove her from his toxicity for her mental and emotional wellbeing."
1541,,Platero719,"Yes, do what you need to do for your children. It sounds to me like your future success is their future success. Because it doesn't seem like your husband shares his time or money with his family.

Good luck with your plan!"
1542,,Goofygrrl,"Get out now.  The sooner you can start establishing your life separate from him the better off you all will be. I know you are worried about what will happen as your daughter gets older, but one of the things you have going for you is that your husband is a lazy bastard.  He's gonna fight for you hard for custody now, only because he wants to be a perpetual victim. Your custody fight will feed his narcissistic need But when the dust settles and he finds out how much work raising children is, he'll start missing a weekend here and there. Something will""come up"", it always does for fathers like this. You will enroll your daughter is soccer and buy her pants and tee shirts. Not the fun dresses and cheer classes he wants. This is a war of attrition. Nudge him out of her life, don't push. By the time she becomes a teenager you will likely be remarried and modeling normal relationships. He will still be playing dress up and complaining that no one will date him. Play the long game.  And win it"
1543,,smashy-galore,"It's not dishonest! What's dishonest is marrying someone then disregarding all their needs for security, equality, stability, etc. Please take care of yourself and your daughter (edit:children) first, your spouse has had enough ""me first"". Read the stories of other [trans widows](https://transwidows.com/) and you will find resonance."
1544,,,"The ""evil ex wife"" stereotype is serving it's purpose then if it's making you feel too guilty to do what you need to do. You are not evil for getting that parasite off your back.

I can't tell you how good it will feel when your are separated from him. I believe in you."
1545,,hedaleksa,You’re not evil you are protecting yourself and your kids. **Be careful about pulling your kid out of school because if he isn’t enrolled anywhere or isn’t being home schooled your ex husband could     go to child services as this is part of that whole no child left behind act**
1546,,Tmikthnx2,No worries. Look after yourself and your kids. Let the other adult look after themselves.
1547,,princess--flowers,"You're about to come into a ton of money and you've been scrimping for years, and your loser wife is going to grab that money with both hands at your detriment. It's not even yours yet and already she's scheming to keep you poor and out of options (and trapped with her) while she has the opportunities that your relative meant for you.

Seriously I never post here but all this is so awful and abusive I had to post to you. If your wife was a man, this wouldn't even be a question- this is textbook financial abuse. Financial independence and a good education for a woman is the best thing we can give ourselves and abusive spouses know that and want to keep us under their thumbs like it's the middle ages. She sees this fund is your way out and she wants to keep that from you.

Talk to a lawyer now before you're 30 and you might make it out with these assets intact for you and your kids. Do not have another child with her. And definitely use the money to move away!"
1548,,Cantkeepmedownwont,"What jumps out at me most of all is their attitude that children are something to use to enhance their trans experience.    They are literally talking about bringing a child into the world just to *have* so they can feel female.   That is a separate human being with free will and needs and dignity, not a new purse.    That attitude is beyond self centered and it will do a number on a child born into that."
1549,,,"Fully, your wife sounds like a really shitty person. Regardless of her gender/trans/identification status."
1550,,,"Seriously, go talk to a lawyer yesterday.  You are responsive for half of the debt your partner has racked up. Protect your assets now."
1551,,aladyfleeingzombies,"> Would you tolerate this if they weren't trans?

No, I absolutely wouldn't. But everyone and their mother was telling me that she need to do this and that and this other thing for her mental health so it was really easy to justify everything to myself as something she needed. And maybe if I gave her more time she'd go back to the  partner she was before, but I just can't."
1552,,,"The dude is a narcissist, taking huge advantage of OP and our shitty political climate right now."
1553,,,[deleted]
1554,,Caranda23,"The person you married doesn't exist anymore.  What's left is a person that is very unhealthy for you and your children.  You're not throwing in the towel in any sense, you're acting to protect your family."
1555,,hamsterfamily,"""..... because I can't deal.""

Sometimes when we feel we can't deal with things it is really our own inner wisdom saying we shouldn't deal with things. You shouldn't have to deal with these problems, but you are dealing. Sometimes leaving is the appropriate way of dealing with them."
1556,,peregrine_throw,"> That it's not me being a shitty person who wants to throw in the towel on my marriage because I can't deal.

You have ZERO obligation to make your life and your body someone else's safe space or kink prop. Fuck them for even attempting and gaslighting you.

You deserve a nurturing life. Your kids deserve a whole mother. Hang in there, it'll soon be over."
1557,,DesdesAK,"Please post here! And keep posting here. You need support. Real support. Thank God you came here and not some covert trans cult sub. Your spouse is on another level. The reason your spouses friends treat you like a servant is because they got their cues from your husband. Either directly or indirectly. The reason your husband wants to all of a sudden change the plan about the inheritance is because they sense your out the end of your rope and he wants to makes sure he gets his!! Do you honestly think this person is beyond that type of behavior? Because everything you’ve said so far shows me that they are a self centered, narcissistic who doesn’t care who they step on as long as they are “valid”. That’s you and your children. The breastfeeding? The maternity leave? You know this is ridiculous to the delusional times 1000. Your feelings are valid. Your fear of rude strangers watching your children is valid. You wanting to go to school and better yourself with YOUR MONEY is valid. I’m sorry sister. Please stick around and let us know what happens. We are here for you. And get yourself a new damn bra. Tell your husbands he’s gonna have to get his work out with the lawn mower and take that gym money because you’re  not wearing a damn ratty sports bra anymore. That’s VALID TOO!"
1558,,,"Check the Martindale-Hubbell peer reviews when you're looking. That system has lawyers rank each other (so you see what professionals think of each other, rather than just what their clients think)."
1559,,chocoboat,"There is a line drawn somewhere, where people could have a reasonable debate on whether the person that is leaving is giving up on the marriage too easily, or whether leaving the relationship is justified.

Your spouse has dragged your relationship across that line and a thousand miles past it. You are nowhere near that line anymore. You don't need to stop and think for a single second about if this was your fault and if you should have been able to hold the marriage together. None of it's your fault, and anyone in your position would leave.

Your spouse is using you. You do the housework, you take care of the kids, you do the yardwork, you wash the dishes, you provide emotional support. Now you're about to have some money, and he wants that too.

He's a child who wants everything provided for him and everything to be catered to him so he can indulge this gender fantasy.

And what happens when YOU want something, or YOU have an issue with his friends? He doesn't care. You do all this for him, but he can't be bothered to ask his friends to stop treating you like the help, or to ""allow"" you to use your own money to benefit your career and quality of life.

This relationship is done, and every day you remain in it is wasted. I know it's going to feel bad because there used to be some good times and you wish they could come back again, but those days are over."
1560,,hamsterfamily,You are not an awful person. You do not need to impoverish yourself for someone else's transition. You deserve an equal partner who will help around the house and support your dreams too.
1561,,Im-Probably-Drinking,"You're NOT a shitty person who ""can't deal"".


Your partner is self-absorbed and manipulative, and taking advantage of you. You accepted the behavior previously because he was a man doing things in male-socialized ways, and that was OK with you for whatever reason (no judgement).


You're questioning because he's ""a woman"" now. You understand and have a community among women and female culture, but you KNOW women don't actually act that way unless they have other influences driving and changing them. We're socialized into gender roles even before birth much of the time because our sex is factual.    It would be great if we didn't live in a human society where gender roles and expressions were decided based upon sex, but the fact is, it happens.


Your husband didn't lose his past and experiences and outlook when he transitioned, he just changed his perception of himself and demanded everyone else did as well. You're struggling because he's a man who is pretending to be a woman based on his misconceptions and biases, and you're trying to accept his non-truth while still being real to yourself. You know he's still the same person regardless of his new identity, and his identity hasn't changed anything IRL. It's hard to accept, but it doesn't make it less true."
1562,,taralyn1,"The last thing you are is a shitty person. I honestly can’t imagine living with a person who fully expected me to pretend he was the opposite sex, but we may have different views on that. Acknowledging that, I can understand paying for new women’s clothes—just as if a person lost 50lbs he would need new clothes—within your budget though. If struggling those items would come from goodwill, etc., not justifying new debt bc it makes him feel better about himself. Most ppl feel better about themselves with fancy clothes and spa treatments—too bad. Perhaps he should try “living as a woman” who is in his financial situation, y’know wearing old clothes, buying drugstore skin care, and working around the clock to make sure his kids have what they need and a clean home to live in. You must be exhausted. If nothing else, can you see yourself living this workhorse life again after all the money is gone having been spent on transition-related costs?

**just in case I was unclear, my opinion is get the hell out as quick as you can. Don’t give him the opportunity to promise to change. It never happens."
1563,,kabloona,"Get out while you’re young. I had a controlling, self involved husband and I stuck with it for 35 years because of the kids. He wasn’t a bad father or husband, he was just mostly absent but at the same time controlling. It didn’t start out that way, but that’s how it evolved. So often it was all about him. I surprised myself when at 58 I decided I was done with all that. Like really surprised, but now super happy. It’s so wonderful to be able to do what I want, just me"
1564,,PlukvdPetteflet,"You are not. We are all with you on this one. Your partner sounds like an abusive manipulative narcissist. It sounds like you're a tough cookie - you've GOT THIS, OP!"
1565,,terfling,"I'm so glad you are gaining something from reading there. I haven't been in your situation myself but I can totally imagine the extent of the isolation, alienation, self-blame and feelings of total powerlessness that come with the territory. I'm so sorry you're going through this! We've got your back here tho, you can always count on the women here to cut through the bullshit and get back to discussing reality in realistic ways. It will get better!"
1566,,eviltwintomboy,Thank you for sharing this. I read some stuff online and was immediately repulsed...
1567,,daughersmom,There's a great thread on Mumsnet on trans widows - lots of support and info.
1568,,myradfemexploration,"Talk to a divorce attorney on Monday.  You need to talk to them to make sure your inheritance doesn’t become marital property. If it isn’t vested yet, you may be able to keep all of it, which you should.  But make sure to talk to an attorney ASAP.  And it’s probably ok if you can’t pay them yet, given that this is coming, and the first meeting is almost always free, so “I can’t afford an attorney” isn’t true— you can’t *not* afford one, and the sooner the better."
1569,,,">she flat out says she wants to get after I receive my trust fund.

This is an indicator that this person is already mentally spending your money and sees your money as theirs.

>I'm not spending thousands of dollars on a purse, no matter if it increases in value or not or could be a heirloom for our daughter.

Good in principle, but this person knows your private information, and if you're married and you have a joint account, can just open up another card and buy whatever it is they want on credit."
1570,,konradosho,"This is literally lol. “Duh, I’m a woman now. Naturally I’m bad with money and I NEED to blow it all on frivolous crap! Because I’m a woman!”

This shit reminds me of when Mr. Garrison got SRS on South Park like 12 years ago."
1571,,galit_,"First off, not a lawyer/this is not legal advice. That being said, you need to see a lawyer immediately. If you don't have the money for a lawyer, speak with your brother. This is one of those cases where unfortunately you stand to lose a lot more than what a lawyer might cost to retain. Do not tell anyone except your lawyer and trusted (and I mean *trusted*) family members what you're planning. Money always makes people go a bit crazy, but it gets worse when people have known about the money long enough to make plans for it. With only 6 months until your inheritance vests, you need to get a move on, and fast. Get out to see the lawyer as soon as you can.

There's a lot going on here, so try to carve out a few minutes for yourself tomorrow when you're feeling calm/relaxed (or as calm/relaxed as you're going to be) and jot down absolutely everything you can think of--these added expenditures, your incoming inheritance, whose name the credit card debt is under/whose card was used to rack it up, the timeline of transitioning (has your wife undergone surgery, changed sex markers on official documentation, etc.), what deadlines are impending, etc.--and where you want to go next. Write it all down, then walk away. On Sunday, pick it back up and go over it. Don't look at it when you're angry, because anger can cause you to start fudging facts without noticing. Just keep to facts for the most part.

Your lawyer may or may not need all the details you've included in your post; however, it's always best to walk into a meeting with a lawyer with everything written down on paper so that if you feel rushed or intimidated or overwhelmed etc. you can just refer down to what you've already written. Lawyers *love* organized clients. Organized clients are easy clients. Even if there's an uphill battle ahead of you (and I cannot guess at what will happen next; your lawyer will know far more so listen to them), being an easy client with an uphill battle is much better and easier to deal with than being a difficult client with a slam dunk case.

That being said, you don't need to bow and scrape and run for Ms Congeniality. You just need to show the lawyer that you take the situation seriously. Listen, ask questions when you don't understand something, and make sure you and the lawyer are on the same page before you leave the meeting. Take notes if you need/want to (I always take notes if only to keep my own written record of important meetings, but the lawyer should be taking notes of some kind as well if you forget) but whatever happens, leave knowing what you talked about and what the next steps are or would be (should you retain that lawyer). If you don't understand something, *ask*. Even if it only ends up being a consultation, and you end up with a different lawyer, still try to soak up everything you can.

Ultimately, you don't have much time to shop around, but you do have time to trust your gut. If anything seems off, thank them for their time and move onto the next. Above all else, trust in yourself. Transitioning does not make someone suddenly lose the ability to save money. Transitioning does not make your wife the centre of the universe. You have sacrificed so much for this marriage already. Please don't feel guilty for having the courage and sense to say you won't sacrifice anything more."
1572,,eviltwintomboy,"Your obligation is to your kids. Think about their future; do you want them to have thousands of dollars of debt for student loans, etc? This money will likely go to transition..."
1573,,radleaning,"For fucks sake, women don't need designer purses! She is manipulating you. She won't be more dysphoric with a regular purse, a purse she can actually afford.

Edit: I'm angry with her, not with you."
1574,,fuckincaillou,">  I do think she's going to continue racking up credit card debt even after it's paid off because she needs a new dress or another pair of shoes or a designer purse that she flat out says she wants to get after I receive my trust fund.

I've never experienced this, so take it with a grain of salt (and also perhaps consider approaching r/personalfinance but also take their words with a few grains of salt--these *are* just strangers on the internet, after all) but I think credit card debt might be one of those things that gets split 50/50 in a divorce unless you can extensively prove via receipts and such that it's all your wife/husband's doing. AKA, you need to start filing for divorce immediately.

Good luck, op."
1575,,voodooqueen126,Men like to blame the poverty of women on our supposedly irrational/emotional ladybrainz rather than the way we are raised because we were born with female genitalia
1576,,Elle-laments,"Why would your partner dump you?

They get to spend all the money however they want, they get meals cooked and housework done for them, they get toys (children) provided for their entertainment and then cared for by you.

You are essentially paying your partner to let you be a servant to all of their wants. He gets to play and you get to work.

The mothers I know with mental health difficulties work very very hard to do the best by their children.

It doesn't matter if it's a real mental illness. If you had a million dollars, how much would your partner spend and how much would they use for the children? If you aren't working together to build a better life for them, then what is the point?

(and not on dressing them up as dolls - gosh I want to cry for your daughter. As a mom of a teenage girl, please save her from this, she only has one childhood and is this what you will allow it to be? Having to tiptoe around her father and be ashamed of her beautiful, natural body & personality? Imagine him trying to 'have the teen girl experience' when she has friends over!!)

I'm really sorry. This is not your fault and you don't have the power to fix him. You do have the power to protect your children."
1577,,angrytardis,"> she's trans and that excuses how bad she is with money now. She was way more frugal before. It's so exhausting.

Are YOU bad with money? Is this a ""woman"" thing? Nah, it's an excuse.

Your exhaustion is apparent in your posting.

You genuinely need some space to process, think and consider carefully and with support how to move forward. It reads like that is something hard to access."
1578,,,"They're trying to emotionally black mail and manipulate you when a good parent and loving partner would be brain storming and excited about spending this money on your children, their or your education not just theirs or things that would benefit all of you, not purses. You need to get out of this before they have access to this trust fund if you want you and your children to thrive and live lives of positivity, emotional and financial stability and hope for the future, an entitled narcissistic leech like your wife will not let that happen. They're plotting on how to spend YOUR money, that could benefit your children in so many ways, on stupid shit that only benefits them. Would you accept this behavior if they weren't trans? If they've never taken care of you, your children or your home, do you really think a bunch of money will make them act more responsible and supportive? You deserve better OP. You deserve a partner that contributes equally, wants you to be happy and values you and your children, their behavior makes me think that this wife will destroy you emotionally and financially and is using being trans as a defense and to manipulate you emotionally/financially."
1579,,Goofygrrl,Don't talk to him. Look up Grey Rock and Information Diet. These are strategies to help you learn how to interact with him. He is not your friend. The person you fell in love with no longer exists. And he' will never be coming back
1580,,Goofygrrl,"Please get a separate account.  Don't tell him it exists. Start bleeding the joint account. When I was having to deal with my now ex-husband who wanted to spend all ""our"" money on inappropriate things I started adding a $50 gift card on at every Target or grocery run.  He won't notice and then when he wants to buy thing that aren't needed point to the joint account and show him you don't have any money. When things get tougher in the future you'll have the cards to use.  Even if you bank account statements get supoenaed, it just shows up as 120 spent at Target, not an itemized list of what you bought."
1581,,milpathecat,"Good luck with your plan! Keep us posted, if you want."
1582,,FlameproofWitch,Are you able to get that book as a ebook? I'm just thinking that it might cause some issues if your partner finds a physical book like that lying around.
1583,,,I’m glad you are getting this set up and that you have family support from your brother.
1584,,jelliknight,"Good. I'm glad you're done being used. It takes a lot of strength to say ""no more."""
1585,,peregrine_throw,"Diary of a Trans Widow? Seems there are only 3 entries. The link above seems to be a copy-paste from [this]
(https://naefearty.wordpress.com) blog entry, but writer's name wasn't indicated in either."
1586,,all_the_people_sleep,"Even if they did, it wouldn't trigger the same visceral shock and horror. There is just something about the idea of a man ""nursing"" a child that seems deeply wrong."
1587,,smashy-galore,"I can imagine a lesbian partnership to be more like this: ""you're spending X hours a day nursing, so I'll pick up all the household chores and cooking."" That's fair."
1588,,smashy-galore,">Trans Widows Escape Committee

Yes, I second this. Also – please be careful with internet search history, change  passwords, lock down your computer and phone. And while doing so – I recommend putting a keylogger app on a shared computer if you have one. That's how I found out my shitty ex-bf was coming over to my house and using my computer to arrange hookups and dates with other women. You have a right to know what's happening in your marriage for your own safety."
1589,,milpathecat,"Yes, this is true."
1590,,,[deleted]
1591,,TRQ32,"Lots of married man wish their wives were the women they jack off to watching porn, true. Some portion of them become AGP."
1592,,Carmypug,"That’s interesting as I saw a diagram of a woman’s breasts the other day which shows the milk ducts that all contain milk (I always thought your breasts were just like a giant bottle).

Men do not have this so I’m not sure how it would be possible? Even if you could get liquid out it would not produce enough for a baby ..."
1593,,Tolga1991,"""...she was able to achieve sufficient breast milk volume to be the sole source of nourishment for her child for 6 weeks.""

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5779241/

Two other cases:

http://www.milkjunkies.net/2013/05/trans-women-and-breastfeeding-personal.html"
1594,,,"I am not responsible for ""helping"" you or anyone. You are. Part of BPD is the externalizing of your emotional needs onto others. No."
1595,,,"I know BPD very well, up close, from a lifetime of personal experiences. I am not wrong, nor am I saying that they are exactly the same. Nor am I saying everyone with BPD acts this way.

It's not about you, personally. Anyone who tries to get their BPD under control is doing a wonderful thing for themselves and for those around them."
1596,,TOMTREEWELL,Trans are all narcissistics.
1597,,anchovycupcakes,"Right? And it's not a her, it's a HIM.

This whole ""trans women are women"" modern delusion has created these monsters that actually believe their own nonsense. They want to breastfeed babies and have the whole world turned upside down to uphold their absolute delusion that they're anything but A MAN.

If it were 15 years ago and no one was insisting they're actual women, the whole thing would just stop with them wearing a dress and make up."
1598,,bibliopuff,"I’m not trying to say it is, that’s why I said “actual lesbian relationships.” My point was that this person is trying to identify as a woman in a relationship with another one, attempting to simulate a lesbian relationship, and yet acting in ways that are not normal to their desired simulation."
1599,,chopsuey67,Yes he is
1600,,Tmikthnx2,I think she was explaining what TERF is based on your edit for the original post.
1601,,Amareldys,The idea of filing in the other state is a good one.
1602,,stealthpursesnatch,"Thank you so much for your response!

I agree with you on every point, but especially about the likely danger to the baby.

A man breastfeeding a child — I am shaking my head. I grew up expecting there to be flying cars in 2019. Instead, we have this bullshit."
1603,,waffleflavouredfloss,"Okay I get it youre a super feminist, Im a bit in the middle, but I love this sub please dont make me regret that.

When I wrote you're not a terf, I literally meant when people who would cry that she was a tref bc she wanted to divorce her partner, were wrong because that's not the real reason and she should ignore them.

I did originally write man and corrected myself because the poster referred to the narcissistic lady as such and asked us to do so. I think she of all people know what he really is(a male). Do I need to be rude to her though? No. No I don't"
1604,,voodooqueen126,Noteworthy that he wants to father another child with her: mostly to indulge his fetish but still capable.
1605,,RaspberryInk,"OP used ""her."" I'm not trying to be passive aggressive or make a political statement--just offering feedback and support to OP."
1606,,lefterfield,Then go to gender cynical.
1607,,consider-thecoconut,"Yeah it's crazy I dont get it. Me and my bf share everything equally, do our own dishes, sometimes he washes the towels sometimes I do...

We got a chore chart mostly for our roommate and so that we were actually aware of how much the other one was doing cause we both fell into feeling like ""I do everything around here""

So now we have a calendar list and we just write what house stuff we do on it. Like trash, swept kitchen, mopped, cleaned tub, cleaned fridge. I see my boyfriend and I do pretty much equal shit. Our roommate does nothing but hes never around so its whatever. The mess is primarily ours.

But yeah I couldn't imagine being with someone let alone marrying someone who isnt doing their fair share and helping.

As we speak right now my boyfriend is doing his dishes and the dishes from breakfast that he cooked. Then I'm gunna get up and do the few things of mine. Then I'm gonna sweep, and hes gunna mop lol."
1608,,consider-thecoconut,"Did you even read OPs post. In all my other  comments I used gender neutral terms but in this instance using man because when OP married this person they were a man and a husband who didnt do shit around the house. They've been a lazy bratty fuck from day 1. So my comment on the house chores is from the sense that he never did them, and idk how women marry and have children with men like that. Because that was OPs situation. She married a man who was incapable of helping or being a partner.

They transitioned after they already were married and had kids. So that issue was an issue when they were still a man.

Now they're just a mentally unstable cross dresser who still is a lazy self centered entitled ass."
1609,,st_quiteria,"I never use ""she,"" here or in person, but the real-life consequences of ""misgendering"" are becoming more dire all the time, and I wonder if these women are, like the OP, afraid of messing up verbally.  (In the OP's case I'm sure she doesn't want to give her husband anything he can use against her.)  This whole situation (both the OP's awful circumstances and the pressure to use ""preferred pronouns"") really sucks."
1610,,Throwawayhatvl,"I think they are just following OPs lead. They don’t want to scare her off this sub before she’s had the chance to educate herself. The priority is helping OP, not using the correct pronouns."
1611,,ValuableAsparagus5,"I wouldn't do it myself, and I feel like OP actually WANTED posters to call this guy a man, reality testing (""please confirm I'm not wrong to see this person as male even if I can't say it?"") and ""anger translator"" style (""please be enraged on my behalf"").... but it's standard practice when giving advice/ motivating statements to use the person's own language -research suggests it's more effective. However, I think it's wrong to do that in this and other gaslighting situations."
1612,,aladyfleeingzombies,">The baby's needs come first, and if that's not how it is now, how will it be in the future?

She did agree pretty fast but that didn't stop her from talking about how it, and I (even indirectly), was invalidating to her. God, even now she's not putting the baby's needs first. I dress the kids in hardy play clothes so they can *play*, and that includes the youngest getting her brother's hand me downs. I'd rather my daughter be able to run around without having to worry about getting dirty and she's cute no matter what she's wearing. Wife does not agree. Wife wants daughter to be dressed up in cute clothing as much as possible, and will waste money buying pretty expensive stuff. Said stuff isn't conductive to playing, let alone playing in mud which is basically daughter's favorite thing to do. I'm pretty sure at one point my daughter has more clothes then I or my son did combined. If I try to talk to wife about it, I get a giggle and a ""I'm just making up for the childhood I never had!"" And if I push it, there's tears or she asks to be alone.  When I clean out daughter's dresser to donate too small stuff or things she won't wear, I always end up setting aside a good portion of the expensive stuff to consign regardless.

> You shouldn't have to ask: https://english.emmaclit.com/2017/05/20/you-shouldve-asked/

I read this, and my knee jerk reaction was to send the link to her. And I stopped myself because I know that she'll read something in this I'm not saying in order to not address what I'm trying to say."
1613,,GuineaPigParade,"This is so true and great advice. Like you said, OP, your #1 concern is your kids. It is obvious your spouse's #1 concern is himself. Your trust fund (which is YOURS not his, by the way) can either be used by you to make a better life for yourself and your kids, or it can be wasted and frittered away by your spouse to buy more girly crap and push his way into grabbing YOUR college education for himself (if he is mentally stable enough to actually get through the classes. I would also be wary of him blowing big bucks on tuition, then not putting in the work to pass the classes and graduate).

Since it's obvious your spouse isn't going to put the kids first and is likely going to waste your money, do whatever it takes legal-wise so that you get ALL your money. I'm glad your brother is willing to help with a loan for an attorney. That money is your ticket to improving yourself and your life and therefore improving your kids' lives. This money will also allow you to get away from your spouse, which will also improve your kids lives. It sounds like you are on track to make all this happen, but I just wanted to reinforce the message. Your instincts are excellent. Follow them and don't back down to your spouse. He's already put you through enough and like another poster stated, when someone shows you their true colors, believe them."
1614,,Kang2143,Well said. I really hope op isnt beating herself up about this. Hes the one forcing this on her.
1615,,GuineaPigParade,I'm not a lawyer but wondering if enrolling your son in school would also help establish residency for you and your kids?
1616,,Amareldys,I hope the brother is the trustee. Have this conversation with the trustee. Ask him to play a firm gatekeeper role.
1617,,,"Hope OP see's your comment, the manipulation and trap the wife is setting isn't just financial greed, selfishness and laziness in this setup they're fantasizing about, it is premeditated exploitation and abuse. This is not a partnership, you deserve so much better OP get out of there before it is too late."
1618,,aladyfleeingzombies,"Wife's literally said she wants/prefers to dress up our daughter in ""cute"" clothes, mostly dresses, (despite me firmly preferring to dress the kids 24/7 in play clothes I don't have to worry/care about if they get stained or torn) because wife is ""making up for the childhood she didn't have.""

Then she gets upset when my daughter wants to go in the backyard and play in the mud and either does so in whatever ""cute"" clothes she's wearing or I help my daughter change into some hand me downs from her brother.   She doesn't even like seeing my daughter wear ""boy"" clothes that previously belonged to my son or nephew.

God, I can't even imagine how it's going to be when my daughter is a teenager. :/"
1619,,consider-thecoconut,"This is SO DISGUSTING and it really stood out to me as well!

They have the chance to be a real mother/parent: to the kids they have now!!"
1620,,trockburner2018,"And what about the *other* children? It doesn't seem like this person is doing much to be a ""mother"" to them... Why does your spouse think it would be any different with a new baby?"
1621,,Jo_in_TN,"In a divorce, she would be responsible for half of the debt, but when the creditors start knocking on her door because her spouse/ex isn't paying his share, she will take a real hit on her credit rating.  Both spouses are fuly responsible for the entire debt according to her creditors!"
1622,,Ex_Muslimah,"No one needs to be selfish, narcissistic and manipulative to their partner or child for their mental illness. Anyone who tells you this is trying to guilt you into accepting shit behaviour. This is emotional blackmail.

It sounds like you don't have a problem with your spouse transitioning, you have a problem with him completely ignoring your needs, treating having a child as some kind of validating accessory to be groomed into the stereotype of feminity. This is not acceptable behaviour, whether male, female, trans, or whatever, and you know it.

Please, get some legal advice first thing. Good legal advice because it sounds,like your husband will fight you all the way. And leave.

Also, if your credit card account is joint, remove yourself from this or cancel it. Get a separate credit card. You shouldn't need to pay for your husband's excessive spending."
1623,,scienceisarealthing,They are gaslighting you.
1624,,boxcar-gypsy,"This is going to sound harsh but it saved me from a relationship with some similar qualities to yours:

Your partner's mental health is not your responsibility.

Would your spouse ever do as much for you as you're doing right now? For your children? Would they do as much for anyone else as they're doing for themselves? You're not in a marriage or even a partnership if your partner expects you to take care of them as a parent would."
1625,,Goofygrrl,"Fuck everyone. Where was everyone at 2 in the morning. Where was everyone when you were  folding laundry and trying to make ends meet.  They weren't there.  They don't have an opinion in your life. In ten years you will be living somewhere completely different, living a life that has nothing to do with these people. Stop listening to someone whose name you won't even remember in a few years."
1626,,radleaning,I have transgender friends and loved ones and they don't need to do any of that for their mental health. Your wife seems to be pretty selfish.
1627,,ieghw,"When a plane is going to crash you're instructed to put you're own air mask on first.

Take care of your emotional health first. If your partner's can also be attended to in that time, great."
1628,,angrytardis,"> And maybe if I gave her more time she'd go back to the partner she was before, but I just can't.

When your partner was not transitioning was he participating in housework and child care?"
1629,,daughersmom,">Sister Subreddits

What kind of spouse was he before transitioning?"
1630,,IPeakYouPeak,">Show your kids how to respect themselves.

Absolutely. I'm a child of divorce and I will always respect that my mother found the courage to leave my shithead father. OP, don't stay with him and have your children grow up wishing they knew what it was like to see you happy."
1631,,consider-thecoconut,"Yes, this is so important as well."
1632,,GoreVeil,"That's such a great way to frame it.  We often feel that there's some deficit in us preventing us from dealing with shit.  But you're right, it is more likely an indication that the issue is what's happening rather than our reaction to it.  Thanks for sharing that insight."
1633,,GuineaPigParade,"Agreed. OP, you are basically in an impossible position. You've given working things out a good shot, and you've tried longer than most would have at handling him with extra soft kid gloves so he can adjust or whatever that was supposed to do to help him, but his selfish, narcissistic behavior has escalated rather than improved. It is a safe bet he is always going to use his ""lady feels"" as an excuse to be manipulative and grab up the most benefits for himself as possible. You're not so much throwing in the towel on your marriage as you are wising up about a chronic narcissist using guilt and gaslighting to manipulate you and get his greedy hands on YOUR money that was set aside by YOUR relative for YOU to better yourself or provide for yourself, which will in turn better your children's lives."
1634,,Goofygrrl,I can't upvote this enough.
1635,,feministunderyrbed,"What I recall from my divorce is that inheritances don’t become community property. I received a small one while we were married and I looked it up—in most states that stays with the heir. But obviously, OP should know the law in her state, and file for divorce ASAP anyway."
1636,,Caranda23,This is excellent advice.
1637,,,"Depending on the state/country you're in, there are lawyers who will take the case and only accept payment if you win."
1638,,Amareldys,"It's in a trust, it is probably set up to avoid the common property situation. Talk to the trustee."
1639,,grimreapersdtr,"Yes, the desire on her part to rack up huge credit card debt is a major major red flag. She doesn’t care about damaging your financial future or the future of your kids. She’s entirely in it for herself."
1640,,Platero719,Jfl I thought the same.
1641,,Goofygrrl,I would start canceling cards or lowering the available credit on these cards. Start starving the beast
1642,,heidischallenge,"ok, the original blog was really good but she must have taken it down. Here's the TED talk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3mnUMmUAHQ"
1643,,yes_we_diflucan,That's what my wife and I plan to do.
1644,,peregrine_throw,"Unfortunately, their immediate circle and this guy wouldn't see it as abuse and would treat her shabby accordingly, thus swaying her own evaluation of the situation, but fair point if looking at it solely from OP's pov. I'm really relieved and glad for her and the kids that she has the resources and clarity to know what's needed to be done."
1645,,,[removed]
1646,,cheapsouvenir,"Three interesting points about the study at the NCBI link, which was co-authored by a trans activist:

1 - The father maxed at 227 grams per day, while most women produce around 500 grams per day by the time a baby's 5 days old. Some questions are therefore asked about claims that the pediatrician involved found the adopted baby adequately nourished for six weeks on nothing but the father's lactate.

2 - The man's lactate had not been assessed at the time the study was published so it's not known if it had the same mix of components as milk from new gestational mothers.

3 - The father's choice to ingest estrogen, progesterone, spironolacton, and domperidone had unknown effects on the baby. The FDA does not allow domperidone to be sold in the U.S. because it's caused serious heart problems, including fatal ones. The man in the study was able to obtain it because he lives in Canada where the drug remains on the market.

The Milk Junkies post concerns one case, not two. In it, the father, who also chose to pass domperidone and synthetic hormones to his baby through his lactate, reported that he was unable to produce more than a few droplets at the time of the birth, then found the baby couldn't latch on because his breast tissue and nipple couldn't reach the back of the baby's throat until the baby was older and stronger, and after that, nursed in tandem with his wife because neither of them was producing enough milk for the baby.

I add these details not to attack you in any way but to make the content of the reports easier to understand by people reading hurriedly here."
1647,,versperalaxis,"i mean you’re clearly not dumb and i know you know exactly what i meant 🙄 advocacy, lessening stigma. please, i don’t need one on one therapy from you.

annnnd that’s not entirely true. a lot of it is feeling a burden of being alive, abandonment issues, etc. literally every mental illness has manipulative qualities (i’m not saying it’s okay by any means), and it’s awfully funny how people immediately pick out bpd when they know nothing of it.

go kick rocks man, the whole “i don’t owe anyone anything” trope is harmful to literally everyone.

you’re not a good ally for shitting on women for their experiences and assuming shit"
1648,,versperalaxis,"it was just very generalised is all. but i agree, it is key to get everything under control"
1649,,versperalaxis,"i’m not talking about narcissism. narcissism =/= borderline

edit: meant to write i do agree they are, though"
1650,,,Yep sorry didn't want to come across as rude or anything. Initially skim read on my phone but have probably read the whole thing now so glad to hear about supportive bro and sis. Good luck OP!
1651,,PurportedFeminist,"I hope so, but she needs to consult a lawyer about that. We do not want her charged with kidnapping her own kids..."
1652,,lefterfield,"She actually said she didn't care if we called him male, she just didn't want to get into the habit herself and accidentally cause drama over ""misgendering."""
1653,,,He. A man.
1654,,peregrine_throw,">Okay I get it youre a super feminist, Im a bit in the middle, but I love this sub please dont make me regret that.

Then fuck off until you're not in the middle anymore."
1655,,,"I know. But that's not actually a good thing, validating or mirroring the use of ""her"", which is because she's been gaslit.

Helping people tell the truth is more important, and more helpful, I believe, than ""validating"" her choice to continue saying lying words."
1656,,,[deleted]
1657,,,[removed]
1658,,standingpretty,Fuck he’s probably going to claim “abuse” considering she accidentally slipped up a few times.
1659,,daikonaut,"> If I try to talk to wife about it, I get a giggle and a ""I'm just making up for the childhood I never had!""

This is wrong. That child is not a validation tool, she's a person.

Can I recommend a book? Christine Benvenuto's Sex Changes. It's about her husband's transition. He did the same thing to their small daughter who ended up needing years of therapy."
1660,,,">Wife does not agree. Wife wants daughter to be dressed up in cute clothing as much as possible, and will waste money buying pretty expensive stuff.
>
> ""I'm just making up for the childhood I never had!""

To quote Patrick Star:  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uedw5flJ9M8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uedw5flJ9M8)

This person is trying to live vicariously through their child. That's messed up no matter what gender you are. Children are people, not things.

You gotta get those kids out of there."
1661,,RunAMuckGirl,"From here on, do not let your wife know what you are thinking of or planing. I recommend you try and do some reading here for awhile too. r/NarcissisticAbuse"
1662,,jelliknight,">She did agree pretty fast but that didn't stop her from talking about how it, and I (even indirectly), was invalidating to her.

You know why it's ""invalidating"" to ""her""? *BECAUSE HE'S A FUCKING MAN!!!* If two lesbians were together and the birth mother breastfed, the other one wouldn't feel 'invalidated'. He feels 'invalidated' because he's *living in a fucking delusion* and then has to face reality.


You need to stop telling his lies for him. For the sake of your own sanity. He. Him. His. Husband. Soon to be ex-husband."
1663,,Elle-laments,"Think of it this way, letting your daughter play in the mud is so so good for her brain development. It is sensory, tactile, learning about the physics of the world and her place in it. All those experiences making more synaptic connections, making her confident about her abilities. You are a good mom!

He wants to force her to act a certain way that will STUNT HER DEVELOPMENT for his own... what? Validation? Playing? Vicarious childhood? Does he see your daughter as a full human being in her own right? Does he care?"
1664,,lez-dykawitz,"As a girl who grew up (very) gender-nonconforming, this makes me so sad. I’m sorry you’ve had to put up with this for so long, and I’m so sorry he’s dragging your daughter down with you. A little girl is not a dress-up doll. That kind of forced femininity is damaging at best, traumatizing at worst. Not to mention, is this the kind of mentality you want your son growing up with? Wishing you and your kids the best. Trans or not, what a manipulative narcissist; get out of there ASAP, for your sake and theirs."
1665,,VanillaWaiver,"Yes. He’s definitely trying to get the education and then probably to leave you. Men often suggest another child in a perverse attempt to keep the woman bound to them, even when they leave.
Re uni: I cannot tell you how many women I know who supported their husbands through school or grad school, with a promise it would be her turn next and it never happened. And/or he dumped her after he got his degree. In one case the woman (admittedly in a stupid move) has “helped” with the work significantly. So he didn’t even really earn his degree  grrr. Save yourself!"
1666,,princess--flowers,"My grandmother left me $5000 when she died, she wanted me to use it for college. She didnt even finish high school and was so proud of my older girl cousins who had degrees. It kills me to think of that money getting completely wasted on something like someone else's skin care and clothing when it was meant to help me leverage an opportunity. That's the height of selfish to me."
1667,,,">God, I can't even imagine how it's going to be when my daughter is a teenager. :/

For the love of all things holy get out of there before she gets anywhere near that age."
1668,,Cantkeepmedownwont,"A child growing up with a mentally ill parent who thinks the child is a toy will have to be in therapy their whole adult life, but if you leave now you can prevent so much damage."
1669,,consider-thecoconut,"This is sick and abusive dude, like. What?

I think you need to take the kids, go to your parents, whatever and divorce this person stat."
1670,,Platero719,"Sounds like he is objectifying your daughter...he doesn't see her as a full person who has diverse personal interests of her own, like playing in the mud sometimes, just a little doll for him to play dress up with. What do you mean, he doesn't like it when he sees her in her brother's hand-me-downs? Let me guess, is it *dysphoric* for him? Gender Nazis drive me insane so I'll hold myself back from ranting. This story is enraging me.
You sound like you have a lot of pressure and demands on you, and you need to be honest with yourself and question: if my husband does not help me and in fact seems to add stress and burden to my life at every turn, how much can he really care about me? Or the children for that matter.

Please do not let him steal your future. You have a rare gift coming in the form of that trust money, and it is *yours* not his. Judging by the amount of things you anticipate accomplishing with the money, I'm guessing it's quite a large sum. *Do not let him get a degree before you* And please, please, think long and hard about bringing another child into this situation. It sounds like another baby on top of all this would be unbearable."
1671,,PlayLysistrataRules,"That's not good for your child either. OP you have been brave asking for advice here, be brave again for your daughter (easy to say but not easy to do I know)."
1672,,SimilarChallenge,Your husband sounds very sexist too.
1673,,Goofygrrl,"Stop buying dresses.  Stop putting them on. You do the laundry right. Every time an outfit that he likes goes in to the laundry...make it disappear. Or put a big stain on it.  Or tear it.  Eliminate his choices. The more you restrict his options, the better you all are."
1674,,trockburner2018,This!!!!!!!
1675,,Cantkeepmedownwont,Right like wanting to pseudo breastfeed when it in no way helps the baby? What even?
1676,,discosappho,"I wish I had been a child of divorce. Even as an adult, I wish my mum would leave my dad. I begged her as a teenager, as did my brother, to take us away. It takes a lot of courage, which she didn’t have, but god it would have been better in the long run for both of our mental health states."
1677,,heidischallenge,Not sure divorce works like that. Suing a big corporation is more likely to get that deal
1678,,ieghw,"LOL. No. I'm an attorney. I want to get paid.

But you can sit down and go over costs and decide how you want to proceed. Don't let an attorney pressure you into something, and get a good idea of how much the cost of representation will run.

Most attorneys will take payment plans."
1679,,peregrine_throw,"Oh, so that's her. She got published, I guess that explains why she'd have to scrub her blog :D

The comment on that yt link:

>""The person she talked about is either not even trans or she is misrepresenting the story (or prob both).""

Of course. ◔_◔﻿ It's ""I am what I say I am"" until it turns ugly and it's suddenly 'fake trans'.

Good for Thrace and OP for having the guts and resources to get out of their misery. Can you imagine the abuse other women who are dependent and cannot get out would have to put up with? Fuck, that's hell."
1680,,,[deleted]
1681,,waffleflavouredfloss,Some of you are no different than rabid conservatives and liberals. Learn to be accepting of people with varying opinions or no one will want to support your cause.
1682,,lefterfield,"Buuut... I wanted to be sassy. Both you and the OP used the word ""cynical"" and the connection was obvious. I didn't call you a thought traitor, that's far more of a leap. And yeah, you can wonder... but it'd be more helpful to point out why the story seems suspect. Considering that I have heard similar stories of abusive relationships between plain ol' boring men and their wives, I don't know what about this makes you suspicious."
1683,,consider-thecoconut,"As I said, IN OTHER COMMENTS.

And you conveniently left out all the other parts of the OP that stated their partner did next to nothing before the transition, and now does even less because the more traditionally masculine roles ""trigger them""


""Despite her eagerly embracing the ""momma bear"" attitude since practically the first moment she told me she was trans, our child care and household chore duties have barely changed at all before and after transition. She still goes to the gym straight after work while I pick up the kids and go home to make dinner. Except now she's got a really cute gym bag and exercise outfits and sends me a cute selfie or two of herself while she's there.

She still gets home, eats dinner with us, then hangs out in the kitchen with me and the kids while I do the dishes and clean up. She tells me about her day. I like this part honestly, but I wish she would help because it would get done a lot faster if both of us were doing it.

She won't mow the lawn or do the outside chores any more -it gives her mental distress to do the household activities she did before she transitioned. So now I do all those in addition to most of the inside chores.""

Then OP put the comment you pasted where they talk about how they're still doing their partners laundry, as they always have,as an example of how they're still expecting her to do everything as it was before.

Also, OPs partner is technically a man regardless of whatever fantasies they have. I appropriately gendered their pre transition behavior, and was gender neutral discussing the rest which is more than what most people here to do so you're really arguing with the wrong person dude."
1684,,st_quiteria,Undoubtedly.
1685,,foxcat0_0,"Christine's book is great, and, OP, there's a happy ending to her story! She ended up remarried to a supportive person and they are raising her kids together."
1686,,aladyfleeingzombies,"God the first post I just looked at on there is this one, http://np.reddit.com/r/NarcissisticAbuse/comments/bhskbj/covert_narc_tricks_says_thats_weird_to_things_i/ and it hits so close to home. She doesn't ""that's weird"" me, but anything I say she almost always just writes me off somehow in a way that makes me feel like she can't wait for me to stop talking to her. I thought I was imagining it over and over but I think I'm not.

She didn't used to be like this; she used to care what I had to say and reacted like it. Thank you for that subreddit, I'm definitely going to be reading a lot there."
1687,,Amareldys,This is a trust though. The whole point of a trust is to protect the money from situations like this. She needs to talk to the trustee and ask him or her to play hardball.
1688,,goodtimeghoul,this^^ female childhood/puberty/adolescence is bad enough without someone actively enforcing harmful stereotypes with no regard to the child’s mental health
1689,,Kang2143,"Right. Normally i advocate for letting equal parts in raising a child in divorce (courts mostly give custody to mothers) but in this instakce absolutely this person doesnt need to be the primary caregivers. And honestly, if beong trans is a fetish (which i personally believe so), OPs husband is actively involving children in this by bringing their trans friends to the hoyse to babysit."
1690,,IPeakYouPeak,I sincerely hope this gets better for you. Learn from your parents' mistakes - that's the best thing this situation can do for you.
1691,,ReyofSunshoine,"It doesn’t work for divorce lawyers, it’s against our ethical rules."
1692,,,"Not in all states, but I know some will take the case without payment up front because she will be getting the trust fund."
1693,,,"I don't understand why these people can't wrap their minds around the fact that being trans does not also automatically make you a good person lol regardless of how the OP's partner identifies, they're clearly a shitty, selfish human being - that is a part of who they are and does not suddenly disappear just because they're trans.  Even the most gungho activist should be lucid enough to admit that trans people can be shitty just like anyone else, but here we are LOL."
1694,,peregrine_throw,"No worries, that came across clear. It just reminded me of that JustNoMIL post where everyone was telling the woman it didn't matter if her abusive MIL was a TIM. It's like, wot, dude can easily overpower her if he upped his abuse. There are situations when being a TIM makes a lot of difference."
1695,,peregrine_throw,"Don't support ""our cause"" but *the* cause you agree with regardless of who advocates for it. And don't be a shit in a sub you only half-agree with.

""Don't make me regret that"" LMAOOO. Get a grip."
1696,,,[deleted]
1697,,RunAMuckGirl,"You are most welcome. I hope you continue to find it helpful, partly because it will help make it clear that the trans issue is only the mask a narcissist is wearing, and partly to help you know the support you got here was not just a biased point of view. It will also arm you with clear thoughts as you free yourself from the abuse you are suffering.

When you first meet a narcissist they approach their target with ""love bombing"" to create join up. They also mirror all the things you love and care about to help the bonding cement. Then they start the ""negging."" *(subtle negative comments to break down your self esteem so you will tolerate their abuse)* It may appear he was not always like this, but this doesn't develop as a personality disorder later in life. It's been there since early childhood. There can be things that cause it to be more intense as apposed to other times, like life's demands, but it's been there, hiding. They love to hook in sensitive, ethical people. People who will think long and deep before doing something like say... file for divorce. :p

Feel free to private message me or post here or that other sub again. It's ok to get a lot of support. 😊 ♡🌹♡

Edit to add: BTW, I'm sure you are not imagining just barely being tolerated. They really don't care what you have to say."
1698,,DykeWithANutAllergy,Well before you were the woman he loved. Now he’s the woman he loves.
1699,,consider-thecoconut,"I agree I think for some ppl its definitely a fetish. What's concerning to me in that end is that this person wants to wear the little girls clothes and gets mad when she dresses normal or plays outside ?? And wanted to bullshit breastfeed? And wants a baby just to play some BS motherhood fantasy instead of trying to connect with the children they already have???

Then there's also a huge correlation between sexual abuse in childhood and trans, and for men we see that a lot of those who were abused tend to do some abusing later on. So I'd be concerned with this person just bringing a bunch of random trans ppl to the house. Who knows what could happen.

And since the lines of appropiateness is already very blurred with OPs partner and the children, they could easily do something that's considered inappropriate without even realizing it cause their sense of it is so warped."
1700,,discosappho,"It gets better for me as I emotionally distance myself from my family! I’m just glad I’m a lesbian tbh. Risk factor for ever being in the same situation goes way down. I’m so paranoid I’ll act like my dad that I find it hard to feel anger, which I know has gotta be dealt with at some point!"
1701,,heidischallenge,Yes
1702,,waffleflavouredfloss,You are so spiteful it ridiculous.
1703,,lefterfield,"Yeah, you need to lighten up. And also learn how to present evidence."
1704,,st_quiteria,THIS.
1705,,peregrine_throw,lol still here??
1706,,,[deleted]
1707,,lefterfield,honestly back at you.
1708,,ladysilkworm,"So well put.

Mainstream Feminism is an absolute husk of a “movement” that has nothing to do with female liberation and just serves to put more limitations on women."
1709,,Nibbana0,"And have sex with everyone, even lesbians with men."
1710,,salt_and_tea,"PREACH anonymous twitter lady who is my favorite person today, PREACH!"
1711,,Yesnomaybluurgh,"I'm saving that. It coincides with what's always bugged me: when the same ol' sexist shit like objectification and prostitution is repackaged as ""empowering"". Literally same shit as before, nothing's changed but now it's ok bc somehow it's feminist!"
1712,,fxkatt,"Part of this socialization & exploitation of women is that whatever anger women are allowed to express gets narrowly framed to be, in the end, useful to men. And thus women’s politics get shunted aside as being too divisive, contentious, and anger-inducing for women’s pacific/pleasing sensibilities. Thus, the perfect schema, the man lovers versus the man haters--get your tickets, gentlemen."
1713,,robroy10021,"They are gutting gay lib with TRA and young GNC girls are at the intersection of both attacks, misogynous and homophobic."
1714,,CroneRaisedMaiden,“You’re not a feminist unless you think men are women and prostitution is empowering”/s
1715,,pissedoff2ndwaver,It certainly is bait and switch. Be-nice-to-everyone is nothing other than conventional patriarchal female conditioning.
1716,,YrsaMajor,"I don't know that this can be corrected sadly. The peer pressure and out-grouping for wrong think is just as palpable a deterrent to speaking your mind as a fear of Hell. I watched someone waste 3 hours of their time explaining why Jonathan Yaniv is a fake transperson and its okay to call him a ""he"" and still support all trans women. She tried to explain she was always an LGBTQ+ ally and was even bisexual herself and just got weaker and weaker as she was assaulted by people peppering her with ""it's not your experience so you cannot say that Jessica is not a woman"" and ""are you saying only 'passing' trans women are women?""  Because the argument has been accepted by the left that if you feel like a woman you're a woman. Boom. Done.

&#x200B;

You can claim you hate Trump, are  a pagan and hate Jesus, still swear by your Marxist Manifesto from college and if you openly doubt that narrative you are a closet Alt Rt sympathizing Bible Belt redneck woman.

&#x200B;

I don't even try anymore. It's quicker to say ""You are correct. I'm Alt Rt. I have a picture of Hitler by my bed and think people who have abortions are going to Hell."" They will just leave you alone then and you can do your own thing because no matter what you try to clap back with you are in bed with the Alt Rt. God forbid you say ""I support Bernie"" because regardless of your skin color you are demonstrating cis white privilege.

&#x200B;

Up is down. Down is up.  Sit back and enjoy the destruction."
1717,,LovedDemons,"And I can't believe a lot of women fell for it. Including myself at one point.  It makes me sick.

Thank God I have a brain and I always had this voice inside since I was small about how ridiculously unfair and degrading society treats my sex. I'm happy not to eat this garbage up anymore and just be me."
1718,,Novemberinthechair,Read Robin Morgan's stuff. She emphasizes this shit.
1719,,NoStreaks,"Yeah. I got told so many times that as a feminist I should be super nice to everyone all the time, I can't even count it. Otherwise, I was accused of ""giving feminism a bad name"".

Just a side note - no matter how vile the attacks on me, I never attacked back in the same abusive way. But, that wasn't enough. Somehow, as a feminist activist, I was supposed to persuade everyone that feminists are good, men-loving women. Ugh"
1720,,SarcasmSlide,The term “intersectional feminism” now causes a Pavlovian rise in my blood pressure.
1721,,,"Also: One of the many disheartening things about the ""just be nice and pretend"" thing is how clear it's become that for a lot of so-called leftists, *all* their ""social justice"" feelings are merely a matter of *nicely pretending* that anyone who *isn't* a straight, white, financially comfortable, able-bodied male is actually fully human. So, you know, agreeing with social conservatives that the rest of us are at best mildly gross and adorably self-deluded, but disagreeing on the proper etiquette of how to respond to our inherently lower status."
1722,,edens_demons,"I realized this when I was a libfem still. I made some social media post about national mens day about “supporting local boys and their mental health,” yet i later realized little to no men care for womens mental health and actually have the audacity to complain that theres a national womens month."
1723,,Tabitha88888888,"I'm still trying to get past, ""I am a woman, a human being not a sex object, I am more than my body!""

 To wearing shirts that say slut or bitch and saying ""I have the right to be called these things and call myself these things and sleep around with whoever and as many people as I want because since I am empowered it is empowering! "" 😲😱😑


Now that's a mind job by a master(s)"
1724,,sekrit_goat,"Holy shit, nailed it in one sentence. Beautiful!"
1725,,Shv3ya,"I’ve seen this idea unironically from males and  libfems aka (mules for males) a lot lately.  I can understand XY’s is thinking this way, but from actual women it’s so befuddling."
1726,,BloodOfTheRaptor,"This radfem isn't going anywhere, though."
1727,,DrCathyGale,"I've never been able to put into words what bothers me about the shift feminism underwent during the 2010s, but this screencap sums it up *perfectly*. Thank you so much for posting! I'm saving the image"
1728,,SUGE-DABABY,Yay I'm 1k upvote
1729,,jazman1867,Completely agree.
1730,,obfsctr,"soooo I get most of it, but can somebody put into context the labor part? this noob would appreciate it"
1731,,4saale,"The transgender movement is insanely effective. Everything they say is apparently true( despite evidence) , every argument or point to the contrary is ""hateful transphobia and gets you fired. Every single person qualifies even if it is just a sexual fetish for some. The umbrellas is so huge as to mean anything and nothing at all. They claim the highest murder rates, violence, and suicide ( regardless of evidence) . They single handedly disputed the myth that who you are is  not dependant on what is between your legs but how you feel,( feminists couldn't do that) . Biology is now transphobic and small minded. No situation is of any concern to women or children, only transwomens problems matter . It took men to make all of this happen. They even gained control of liberal feminists. Well done guys."
1732,,,[removed]
1733,,,[removed]
1734,,,[removed]
1735,,Yesnomaybluurgh,It's a pathetic paper-thin facade yeah. They want us to keep being good lil' doormat in exchange for scraps and illusion of freedom of choice.
1736,,NannyOggsRevenge,It really gained steam in the late 90s early 2000 with the pornography industry sponsoring feminist events like Slutwalk. Follow the money and you’ll find the oppression.
1737,,soovestho,What movement? In my almost 30 years of being alive I haven’t seen anything that inspired feminism outside of a fucking Dove commercial
1738,,femurfatale,"I just saw a post that said ""affordable housing is a feminist issue"". I went huh? So now affordable housing is an issue for feminists? When you take on every issue, you have no real movement. It's just rights for all. That isn't a bad position to take, but it's not a feminist issue. If you said affordable housing for low income women is a feminist issue, I would agree. Affordable housing for poor mothers is a feminist issue. But to just say all housing everywhere is a feminist issue is nuts to me"
1739,,CroneRaisedMaiden,Omg can I share that flair with you please? I love it lol
1740,,fanofswords,"Agreed. It

It's a fucking joke just like those ""the future is female T shirts""

Feminism is now all about getting high fives for existing, pretending oppression you don't have and feeling ""stunning and brave"" for every act from engaging in sex work to abandoning all your  kids at the side of the road to live your best life.

No wonder people are frustrated with it."
1741,,OmnibusToken,"Yes. We are told to fuck everyone – we can’t say no! Because that’s transphobic! – sell ourselves because it’s “empowering”, torture language to erase ourselves, accept men in our spaces, in our sports, in our hospital rooms, call ourselves “sluts” to fight rape, and smile while doing it. And pay taxes to people that hate us for the privilege.

Fuck off.

Edit: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger! 🍻

Edit 2: And for the silver! 🥂"
1742,,fake675309,I believe this is the core reason why TRA is so quickly and easily embraced by leftist bros.
1743,,NoStreaks,"Will suck dick for feminism!

I want that on a shirt."
1744,,Yesnomaybluurgh,"
> whatever anger women are allowed to express gets narrowly framed to be, in the end, useful to men.

So true. They sure do love TRAs and brainwashed libfem raging against us to defend ""trans women"" (bc let's be honest, ""trans men"" aka women have always been an afterthought when it comes to the trans movement. The spotlight is on men as usual)"
1745,,Yesnomaybluurgh,">The peer pressure and out-grouping for wrong think

Even on reddit it's palpable. Again and again and again pro-trans posts and comments randomly pop up everywhere on mainstream reddit and people daring to question the pro-trans narrative are downvoted to hell and harrassed. And every time someone asks what's a terf, someone answers that we're not actual feminists and just a bunch of conservative haters lol. (Me: an atheist and socialist person who loves to shit on american capitalism, Trump, and religious bigotry: *laughs*)
Anything other than full approval and support of the trans movement is forbidden. No questions allowed, no debate allowed."
1746,,OmnibusToken,"Yup! Don’t argue, don’t engage. We’re going straight through them and spreading the word to society’s sane. We’re not asking their fucking permission or trying to argue. They’re narcissists, cluster B personality disorders. It’s pointless.

This is all hands on deck. Just keep speaking out and talking to the sane among us. This cannot stand. It won’t."
1747,,CoolMelonade,Women just need to create our own platforms and not give a single fuck. It will reach the people it is supposed to reach. Worked for Joe Rogan.
1748,,chiwawa_archie,Same. I’ve gotten called alt right nazi white suprematist many times. The kicker is I’m Jewish 🤣
1749,,femurfatale,The only space you can say it is in men's spaces. There was a good discussion going on about children transitioning and no one got called a terf.
1750,,Yesnomaybluurgh,">And I can't believe a lot of women fell for it.

I think it's also bc it's much easier for women bc libfem has become mainstream and u risk much less to be socially punished or physically attacked for your opinions than if u are a radfem. It's a way to cope out of really fighting."
1751,,CoolMelonade,I just honestly was naive and assumed older feminist women had it figured out. I was *so* wrong and as millennial I feel very duped and betrayed.
1752,,exnbthrowaway,Honestly I think it because so many of these people are bullies.  They actually make you feel bad because you think BDSM and prostitution are bad for women.
1753,,natalia-noodle,Any suggestions?
1754,,feministdreamer,I want to read her!
1755,,OrneryStruggle,"Which sucks because it originally had such a useful, important meaning."
1756,,exnbthrowaway,i hate this shit too..  or listen to both sides and if you are agngry at a misogynist or racist it is YOU who are being a jerk!  You can't change anyone's mind so why try!
1757,,Yesnomaybluurgh,"Also, men only care about mens international day on womens international day."
1758,,randycanyon,"I *do* have the right to sleep around with whoever and as many people as I want.
It's the ""I want"" bit that matters. especially the ""I."""
1759,,Sensirr,Thanks friend :D!
1760,,Far-Air,I recommend you view the removed comment at the bottom with 9 replies-- those replies pertain to this question :)
1761,,susiesmum,">I have seen numerous movements (on Reddit specifically) toward having men embrace their emotions, and involved references to male-to-male compliments and discussions of their empowering impacts.

What exactly does this have to do with this thread? It looks like a politer version of ""what about the men"".

Edit: you seem to be focusing on the ""be nice"" part of the opening post. This is a Radical Feminist sub. We are trying to free women  from exploitation and oppression. You don't do that by telling women to be nice to everyone."
1762,,godandgoddess,They already embrace their emotions and have been doing so forever. It's a bit much at times. I kind of wish they'd just grow up instead of hoping people (particularly women they want relationships with) will accept them as overgrown children. Nobody cares when a woman breaks down due to constant emotion abuse and harrassment and unfair treatment and I don't see that changing in the near future.
1763,,susiesmum,Go back to MGTOW you ignorant troll.
1764,,hardy_and_free,"The physical labor of housekeeping, pregnancy, childbirth, childrearing, cleaning off the tables and party rooms after the office potluck, setting up the community centers for men who identify as women to infiltrate...there's plenty of physical labor in being female."
1765,,Calamity_loves_tacos,"Physical labour isn't just mining coal, genius. Women were basically forced to stay in their homes or face harassment until what 1964 when we were allowed our own fucking public bathrooms? Try going out in public with fear you need to take a squat in front of people willing to assault you, make fun or you or obviously watch you the entire time and getting off on it, or since your male in terms yiu might understand venture into a bathroom of rabid gay men twice the size of you who want to rape you. Ya totes women's fault they weren't allowed in industry they were legally, physically and mentally barred from"
1766,,amiserlyoldphone,"Do you know there are about 3 million home-care workers the vast majority of them women, working a distinctly physical job where they run high risk of injury and being assaulted?

Now I want you to guess how many coal miners there are.  Guess.

About 50,000.

I didn't even bring up the nursing home industry stats.

And who do you think is more likely to have to do the laundry when they get home?"
1767,,Julzlex28,"What are you TALKING about? This quote refers to the labor of social movements. Not coal mining.

But I do love how anti-feminists ALWAYS be like ""coal mining...derp!""

Who do you think worked in all those textile factories and would get injured by those machines until labor became a movement? Who fucking DIED in the triangle waist coat debacle? And who do you think did back breaking labor in the fields right alongside their husbands and sons?

And women did try and succeeded in working underground in coal mines - despite being BARRED in many places by men. So, even if women could work the mines men banned them. Or, if they weren't outright banned, they sexually harassed, raped, not taught safety regulations by men so the women would get injured...""Women in Coal Mining West Virginia"" is a Medium article that talks all about how those noble male coal miners treated their female coworkers.

Women do and have always done physical labor. I am sick of this crap that women always have had it safe and easy."
1768,,8ritt8ee,"I don’t think there’s anything feminist about the Dove commercial. I’m not a fan of the actual body positivity movement either as it is because imo they’re just trying to broaden the scope of women eligible to be objectified instead of assuming objectification itself is the problem. Of course more women need to be willing to self-objectify in order to sell them things, which is all Dove was hoping for."
1769,,YrsaMajor,Yup. When you try to fix everyone's problems no one's problems get fixed.
1770,,OrneryStruggle,"I think it's a feminist issue because more women are poor, single parents, etc. than men. Not because feminists have to take care of every social movement but because women have higher chances of living in poverty, having unstable housing, etc. I think people sometimes just use this as a shorthand for 'this is an issue that actually predominantly affects women.'"
1771,,WillTheMadnessEnd,">When you take on every issue, you have no real movement. It's just rights for all. That isn't a bad position to take, but it's not a feminist issue.

Exactly....  women should care about other issues, but as individuals with the men being involved, like climate issue, racism etc etc, not water down feminist issues."
1772,,Yesnomaybluurgh,"That's why people who try to take advantage of the feminist movement to push their own cause piss me off. I've see some animal activists/vegans argue that saving animals from being eaten is feminist and they gave as example that cows are females like us and mothers and their lives are as valuable as ours 😐. Insulting women : done. That says a lot.
Now it's the trans movement and on top of that we already got big corporations (make bank) and politics (make women vote for them) and celebrities (enlarging their fanbases) also using the movement for their own benefits."
1773,,fanofswords,"FEMINISM IS FOR EVERYONE!

\*rolls eyes\*"
1774,,Yesnomaybluurgh,"I love how they repackaged what is mostly sex-trafficked young women or hopeless women who are battling drug addictions and crippling poverty and social exclusion as ""sex workers"". Feels cleaner, more professional."
1775,,bitchbaby1,"wow. put like that, its really scary."
1776,,Yesnomaybluurgh,"Suddenly a dude having sex with a drug addict and/or mentally ill prostitute who doesn't really want to be here is no more shameful, it's #supportingsexworkers . Aww what a good deed."
1777,,Nibbana0,"Well sure, they're all about sex positive, the challenge, breaking down every women. And they don't want the responsibility and financial burdens of wives and children, they want the state to pick that up."
1778,,Caranda23,"For ""leftist bros"" the ""bros"" part is, roughly, about a million times more important than the ""leftist"" bit."
1779,,Postcardtoalake,I couldn’t find an acronym explanation that sounded right - what’s TRA?
1780,,Nibbana0,"No ever telling men upfront you'll suck their dick !! Trust that never goes well, they won't even buy dinner after the protest.  I'm JOKING ! but probably banned anyway."
1781,,watpompyelah,True. I know it's purely anecdotal but I feel I have always heard waaaaay more about TiMs than TiFs.
1782,,hollyboombah,"I'm a disability worker who volunteers in community shelters, votes Green and writes to my MP supporting left wing issues. The only thing I am even slightly 'conservative' on is the idea that men are women. I've been told so many times I am a conservative hack who doesn't deserve to call themselves left wing.

I bet what I do for my community far surpasses anything they've done beyond protest for trans rights."
1783,,meow_thug,"This. And people who don't know any better eat it right up. I was absolutely guilty of this shit just 6 months ago (believing TERFS were awful and hateful, obviously. And it's because ""progressives"" SAID SO!). This is what happens when you succumb to intellectual laziness."
1784,,YrsaMajor,"The thing is they don't realize that they have created silent Trump voters. People dislike SJWs bullying them more than they dislike Trump. Its why they avoid certain movies then go to see something like the Joker a million times.

&#x200B;

People are inherently rebellious. The more you act like a sanctimonious religious zealot the more people run from you--its why they ran from sanctimonious religious zealots! Seriously, it is like a cult and if you don't join you go to Social Hell."
1785,,YrsaMajor,"My child got in trouble for saying she's not ""cis"". I am yanking her ass out of public school next year."
1786,,Yesnomaybluurgh,">Yup! Don’t argue, don’t engage

I need to do that. I try but those assholes shoe in the topic of trans issues on the maximum of subreddits, social media platforms and communities they can find. It's getting hard to avoid them and harder to keep silent."
1787,,YrsaMajor,"You know, you are right. He did find his space. I also have this rule that I don't care what I may think of another woman's opinion, if she is a biological woman I am going to support her when men are around. If we're going to fight over politics we'll do it when they aren't near us. Solidarity is important because no matter what we share a common position in society all over the world.

I may not agree with a female on reproductive choice issues but I'll be damned if I sell out her opinion in front of a man or allow him to berate her for hers. Watching that guy kick those women in Canada really bothered me. Like fuck right off and go fix your bad dye job, bro. Let us handle family business in house."
1788,,femurfatale,So is Stephen Miller though so it doesn't always work that Jews are on their own side.
1789,,LovedDemons,That's a painfully good point. Much easier than putting up resistance or having a different opinion that you know you'll be attacked and ridiculed for.
1790,,Yesnomaybluurgh,I've had TRAs go visit my reddit profile and make up lies about me bc i dared oppose them.
1791,,Novemberinthechair,"Robin Morgan, ""Goodbye to All That."""
1792,,Novemberinthechair,"Robin Morgan's ""Goodbye to All That."""
1793,,obfsctr,ty
1794,,,[removed]
1795,,exnbthrowaway,"i didn't seen the deleted comment, but can i just say THANK you to both you and /u/hardy_and_Free for defending the actual physical labor that women indeed do.  Most of the time when wahhhhh men do physical labor nad built civilization comes up libfems just go lol virgen!  or we are too good for that kind if work anyway!  Most of my internalized misogyny came from thinking men did do all the important jobs.  Hereing women go on and on about they were fine with the fact that men did all this physical and mental labor and women actually WANTED to be prostitutes really made me despise being a woman. Women have always done important and hard work, men and handmaids just don't want to recognize thaT."
1796,,burntmatchesburn3x,"I have NEVER had it safe or easy. Don't know any woman who has, either. And, yeah women do not only the majority of all service jobs (the underpaid, tipped, on your feet kind), but also perform the vast majority of all unpaid scut labor.

I have been an auto mechanic, a landscaper (driving skidsteers, hauling boulders in a wheelbarrow, and mucking out ponds), and shovel snow for extra money every winter.

I demand a pic of you, Beljuril. FOR THE LADIES OF SCIENCE. I'm sure you're totally ripped and mine (oh, I mean ""tend"") lots and lots of coal.

Oh. Guessing by your post history, you're just another fat MRA/trans cult loser.

LOL, yeah."
1797,,hollyboombah,"Disability worker here. The work me and my co workers do is highly physical. We help people bath, use the toilet, get in and out of cars. We encourage them to exercise (by exercising with them) and hold their shopping. We help them with the physical tasks they can't like cooking and cleaning. I even do home repairs as I am good at fixing stuff. But none of this counts as physical because it's also emotional labour and therefore it must be weak and feminine work🙄"
1798,,exnbthrowaway,"The wimminz did boring and meaningless work that any moron could do. Menz actually fought in wars and built your homes all because men are just so amazing!  /S


Women actually did do coal mining but where banned because they worked topless like the men did.   Of course you can't tell any libfem or MRA this."
1799,,mronion82,One of the major reasons women were stopped working underground in mines in the UK was not concern for their health but the fact that both men and women stripped to the waist because the job was so physically demanding. Can't have those female sin bags on show...
1800,,Yesnomaybluurgh,"Yep . All this ""EVERY woman is beautiful"" movement does is drill further into people's head that for a woman being beautiful is essential. That all men should see all women as beautiful bc after all that's women's main point: being an object of sexual desire or just a pleasure for the eye. What if some women don't care if they're beautiful and if men find them beautiful ? What if they don't give much thought about their appearance bc it's not in their personalities? Are women allowed to not really care about their bodies? To have no desire to be or look sexual? Why is beauty SO important and ugliness the worst possible thing to happen to a woman? Lots of dudes are ugly, they don't care and nobody cares 🤷🏼‍♀️"
1801,,soovestho,I’m being facetious..
1802,,femurfatale,"I get that things are related, but a movement indicates *movement* like the ability to move a thing or idea forward. Fighting for all rights for everyone isn't a movement and isn't the responsibility of feminism. Especially lol affordable housing for everyone. Sure let's take on capitalism too.

It's the difference between making a goal and a S.M.A.R.T. goal where you can measure and define it vs. an abstract thought"
1803,,AfraidAndInLove,"Yes I've seen a video of a white vegan sitting at a table with a sign reading ""live auctions are chattel slavery""... comparing black people to livestock, just like white supremacists."
1804,,AnInconvenientTERF,"It's what they did to women, too.  They made the umbrella so large as to be meaningless.

They took billions of female human beings, added some men, and repackaged it all as a ""gender identity"".

They took millions of victims, added some cam girls, and branded it all ""sex work""."
1805,,OmnibusToken,I guess “sex worker” is the new “sex slave”. Jesus. We are just drunk with shiny opportunities.
1806,,exnbthrowaway,Don't forget trafficking isn't trafficking and they are just being moved across state or country lines!  They totally want to be there!  Stop being paternalistic!  *RAGE*
1807,,,[removed]
1808,,Postcardtoalake,"Off-topic but for those familiar with sad girl theory and sick-woman theory,  super glad that Audrey Wollen is sex-negative. She’s low-key about it but I hope she becomes more vocal."
1809,,fake675309,Trans Rights Activism
1810,,PollyannaPenny,"> The only thing I am even slightly 'conservative' on is the idea that men are women. I've been told so many times I am a conservative hack who doesn't deserve to call themselves left wing.

I hate that we now live in a world where simply saying *""men have penises and women have vaginas""* and *""people cannot change their biological sex""* automatically makes you a ""right winger""."
1811,,OmnibusToken,What the ever loving fuck good do they do? They’re too busy jerking themselves while staring in the mirror. An insult from those vapid prats isn’t worth a raised eyebrow. I don’t fucking care if they TERF me.
1812,,AsAMannnn," Love your flair, sister."
1813,,OmnibusToken,I hope you tear the school a new asshole on legal letterhead before you do so. We could set up a GoFundMe for you. Enough. Of. This. Shit.
1814,,CricketNiche,"Always stay on topic, never let them veer into trans territory, and scold them for interrupting and changing the subject. Basically, act like a man lol"
1815,,thowawaywookie,So much this. Men always back each other up. We women need to back each other up. Keeping women fighting with each other being divisive just keeps us all down.
1816,,randycanyon,"Ahhhhh, that gave me such a joy-rush when I first read it way back when. I guess it was in the first paperback of *Sisterhood Is Powerful* \-- where Morgan might or might not have copped to writing it; ISTR it was anonymous/""collectively written"" in that issue of *Rat*.

Some of us might have to google some of the names in it, if you don't have a copy with footnotes. Damn, there were all these guys I'd wanted to like. But."
1817,,Far-Air,No problem. I would have linked directly but since it was removed I couldn't grab a hyperlink to it.
1818,,godandgoddess,"I'm just saying that men are already allowed to show all the emotions women are so this is kind of pointless. Any emotions that aren't acceptable for men aren't really for women either. This is just basically another pity party for men when there's worse issues to fry, like the fact that treatments for common illnesses cost as much as a car and health insurance is at it's highest. We could probably reduce a lot of the reasons men want to breakdown for if we fix these issues. And hey it would benefit everyone!

Thanks, another year I kind of wish I didn't find this site because it's a huge time suck haha"
1819,,OrneryStruggle,"Then why are you here, obvious male poster?"
1820,,Julzlex28,"I worked at a homeless shelter and was moving a couch with one of my coworkers, both of us women. Because I lift heavy weights, I generally I am stronger one when lifting furniture with another woman. But immediately I felt the difference and realized she was the stronger one. When I asked her workout secret, she told me she  helped moved heavily obese patients with disabilities. Yeah, don't know if I will ever get as strong as her!"
1821,,8ritt8ee,Oh sorry
1822,,Yesnomaybluurgh,">Fighting for all rights for everyone

Feminism even fights for men's issues (men being abused or raped for example) way more than any BS men's rights movement ever has. It's like we take everything on our shoulders. I'm not saying it's a bad thing ofc bc those men need the help and if nobody else is gonna help them bc a man being victim is taboo, at least feminism is here for them."
1823,,AfraidAndInLove,"In all fairness although fighting capitalism might be socialism and not feminism, it would make sense for everyone who wants to further womens liberation to support the overarching socialist cause and policies such as affordable housing as well because women are of course 50% of the population and these movements are probably necessary allies since many of their issues causes overlap."
1824,,fanofswords,TFW someone uses the SMART goals acronym. I see what you did there
1825,,Yesnomaybluurgh,"Everybody can be a woman! Yaaay i'm so inclusive! I'm such a good person! Words don't mean anything anymore but that's no big deal as long as i follow the herd mentality and stay away from wrongthink.

Not but really, you made a very good point.  They're dissolving the notion of women."
1826,,rinabean,"Even that though. No-one wants to be a cam girl. I know women who ended up physically injured, to say nothing of the blackmail and so on. If a cam girl wasn't also a victim, men would be telling men it's a great career choice, too.

People who go on and on about ""sex work"" are men with an obvious agenda, women with whatever opinion privately but touting for business, or women who know it's beneath them right now and foolishly assume it always will be.

The one they add to make it all okay is the woman who's making a free feminist career choice... but I've never spoken to an *exited* woman who thought it was a good ""career"" for her"
1827,,Yesnomaybluurgh,"No, you don't understand, they're payed a (miserable, barely enough to survive, if the money doesn't go to a pimp) salary per client! They're totally regular workers!! It's a great job where they meet charming very nice men, respectful of women and their preferences, experts in giving orgasms, and who showered just before coming!"
1828,,femurfatale,Rebranding trauma
1829,,Sensirr,refer to a study on sex workers rather than defining the average sex worker in outlier terms
1830,,girl_undone,"Your comment has been removed for violating [Rule 1: General Guidelines for Posting](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules#wiki_1._general_guidelines_for_posting)

Section 6: This is not the place for men or anti-feminists to ""debate"" feminism or ask basic questions. Debate and basic questions about feminism belong on /r/Ask_Radical_Feminists. Mansplaining and derailing with ""not all men are like that"", ""what about the men"", and ""women do that too"" will not be tolerated. We do not tolerate any pro-porn, pro-prostitution, or anti-abortion posts or comments."
1831,,Postcardtoalake,Thank you! Oh my goodness what a brain blip that was in my end - I see that on here daily!
1832,,OmnibusToken,"It doesn’t, except in their fever dreams. The sane left rolls their eyes at them and carries on.

Their standard operating procedure is “coddle my delusions or I’ll call you a bigot” – but their targets are almost never men. They’re almost always women. Normie men would not tolerate their shit, and they know it.

You know what? I’m over it. 90% of the silent sane are sick of their shit. Enough. The fucking inmates are running the prison."
1833,,meow_thug,Thank you sister! ♀️
1834,,YrsaMajor,"I know I am not the only mother who is angry but it's like everyone's too afraid to hurt someone's feelings, say something rude, or just be out-grouped. My child is more important than what people call me or think of me."
1835,,susanbontheknees,To broaden my perspective. Why does anyone visit any subreddit?
1836,,REDfanradfem,"I so agree with you. I did cam work and well, that is different than prostitution or porn, I got pay like a few cents per minute while the clients paid waaaay more. So, if I can guess, 80% went to the company who make me able to do cam."
1837,,AsAMannnn,"I am certain if their daughters and wives are unemployed and needing work, all these men would find it completely fine if said women were invited to join this Exciting Growth Industry!"
1838,,Postcardtoalake,"YES. Exactly what I was going to write, thank you for putting it out there. Your comment should have a zillion upvotes because everything listed above is, to some degree, from minor to HUGE, rebranding women’s trauma.

I’m glad finally that eating disorders are finally in whispers here and there staring to be called what they truly are: the societally imposed body dysmorphia and self-hatred and trauma that all women have to some degree because of society traumatizing, gaslighting, and retraumatizing us since the dawn of time/since the patriarchy, but doing it now in line with ~third wave “feminism” (aka. Bullshit)~. That every woman I know has body dysmorphia or at least body hatred to some degree due to the patriarchy ."
1839,,burntmatchesburn3x,"Prostituted women is more accurate. ""Sex workers"" is liberal bullshit terminology."
1840,,,[removed]
1841,,OmnibusToken,"Your child getting into trouble for refusing to allow indoctrinaire language being imposed upon her is itself, rude (among other things). It may be worth trying to organize other parents. There is power in numbers. Just a thought."
1842,,AsAMannnn,"> I did cam work

Glad this is in your past, sister."
1843,,kissojenkissa,">daughters

Many might, considering the push for incest porn"
1844,,Yesnomaybluurgh,Very good point.
1845,,Yesnomaybluurgh,"> the societally imposed body dysmorphia and self-hatred

When i was a teen i thought i was fat even though looking back on pics i was a tall skinny bean with long legs. But when i sit down my thighs would appear larger (like it does for every damn human being) so i thought i was fat. I also had a phase of internalized misogyny where i dressed with baggy clothes and despised girly girls and thought acting like a dude was cool. I've also had body hate for some of my features like my nose bc i was heavily bullied on it. I literally thought i looked monstruous just bc my nose is bulbous, and that everybody was looking at me in horror.
So many women on earth probably have had the same experiences as me."
1846,,Sensirr,Good catch! Sucks how much brainwashing I have to undo.
1847,,Sensirr,"https://bmjopen.bmj.com/content/8/11/e022728

https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/women-addicted-opioids-turn-sex-work-west-virginia-n868591

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2213538/

places where it's legal may result in improved conditions in some aspects, but that doesn't mean they're great conditions overall. really though, women paying rent by selling their bodies is not liberation.
https://www.humanityinaction.org/knowledge_detail/the-audacity-of-tolerance-a-critical-analysis-of-legalized-prostitution-in-amsterdams-red-light-district/

also-- https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0305750X12001453

> Our empirical analysis for a cross-section of up to 150 countries shows that the scale effect dominates the substitution effect. **On average, countries where prostitution is legal experience larger reported human trafficking inflows.**

and since you said Australia, https://ndarc.med.unsw.edu.au/resource/mental-health-drug-use-and-risk-among-female-street-based-sex-workers-greater-Sydney"
1848,,YrsaMajor,"Here's the messed up part--we're all contemplating homeschool rather than go through a long, drawn out struggle. I'm exhausted from these people."
1849,,Postcardtoalake,I had a lot of what you had and I’m guessing so many/most others do and did too!
1850,,AutoModerator,"Welcome to Reddit's most active feminist community! This is a [women-centered, radical feminist subreddit](https://redd.it/934i4y) to discuss gender from a critical, feminist perspective. [If you’re new to gender critical feminism, please familiarize yourself with some of these resources](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/resources#wiki_great_resources_for_people_new_to_gender_critical_feminism).

Please follow [the rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/rules) and consider if your submission is appropriate for this sub or if it should be posted to a [sister subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/sistersubreddits). See our [dictionary of common terms](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/wiki/dictionary) if you’re unfamiliar with lingo.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/GenderCritical) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
1851,,jfrth,"> She also said that for all she knows the two guys might have trans feelings they aren't ready to come out about, so it isn't her place to tell them that they can't dress feminine.

What if you were a trans man who hadn’t come out yet? Oh wait. It isn’t about “trans feelings” it’s about controlling women’s bodies."
1852,,Lulutrickm,"It really does blow their claim to marginalisation out of the water every time these incidents occur. Women suffered and died to win the right to dress as we wished during the women’s suffrage movement.

And all it takes is some men in frocks pretending the mask makes the woman to set us back at least 50/100 years."
1853,,LandisRiv,"What on Earth is 'cis female privilege?' I don't see women having much privelege at all.

That is an absolutely ridiculous situation and I do not know why you were forced into the position of leaving. It's a Halloween party and costumes are part of it.

Acting like your coworker did is one reason why women are getting totally fed up of trans issues. Why should their needs be above women's needs? Why should their feelings matter more? Why should women be pushed out of their own spaces by men in dresses?"
1854,,just_a_quick_nitpick,">  I have ""cis female privilege"".

Only a misogynist would say something like that."
1855,,kasurimethi,You did nothing wrong. Part of the reason that they’re getting away with this shit is that women are socialized to “make nice”. The time for that is OVER. Time to fight back.
1856,,,"> Why do her feelings matter more than mine?

You know why. In your heart you do, and you're allowed to be sad, or *furious* about that fact."
1857,,Clearly7,"I work in HR, and know this will go in your file. (Every interaction with HR is documented) I highly advise you speak to a lawyer asap. If you proceed, and you should, Have the lawyer request your employee file for a fact check. Documentation should not be anything more than a recount of events, but the fact that HR requested you leave, you  asked for clarification, then was asked again, tells me it might not be. USA is a dumpster fire right now for women in regards to this issue and it will only get worse.
Fwiw, I'm very sorry you had to deal with this."
1858,,,[deleted]
1859,,wildclovr,"You got it.  Women won't be allowed to wear pants next, lest it should ""trigger"" transwomen.  And this will be considered a progressive stance."
1860,,littlerbear,"I didn't think I could peak again, but I have.

Sarah, the fragile, narcissistic man is the asshole. He's got the whole joint wrapped around his finger and they're all dancing to his tune. Crying the bathroom! Like a sixth grader. These people infuriate me.

You were exactly right to speak up for yourself. And you didn't hurt anyone with your costume. You simply ran afoul of a spiritually and psychically small man who sought to control you and everyone around him. They allowed you to become the scapegoat for this guy - that's the real outrage.

I hope you don't encounter any more harassment from this individual, but you probably will. Once they get rolling they tend to keep going."
1861,,GCMadamXX,"Lawyer up. If a male would have been allowed to wear that costume then you should be allowed to wear it. Offensive costumes are always offensive no matter the sex of the person wearing it.

Speak to a human rights lawyer (ACLU in the USA or the HRC in Canada) about being asked to leave a work party because you were wearing a cross-sex costume when there were two men there also in cross-sex costumes. Don't mention the trans woman. Mention HR only. Let HR argue their reasons.

I'll make popcorn."
1862,,InspectorIsOnTheCase,Holy crap. It's getting soooo bad. We can have nothing.
1863,,Bananastic,"Obligatory comment but you don't have to pretend that men saying they are women are women here. He is an entitled man and he got you thrown out of a party because of that. Human beings can't change sex, him trying to colonize womanhood and getting into narcissistic rage fits won't change that."
1864,,vulvapeople,"If something like this happens to you again, my suggestion is to demand that HR put their demands about the clothes you're wearing in writing with the HR officer's signature on it. The opportunity to do that in the heat of the moment has passed, but you might still try to get HR to clarify in writing what exactly you did wrong and what exactly their ""logic"" was in asking you to leave. Don't even bring the powertripping misogynistic TIM into this discussion. Make it clear that you don't understand what *HR* wants from you and you need clarification of it. If they blow it off and say you didn't have to leave (they were already trying to walk it back the night of), you still should try to make them put their reasoning for the request for your ""voluntary"" exit in writing.

TIMs are misogynistic powertrippers, so there's really no use in trying to fight this guy, especially since anyone with any power in the company will take his side. This issue is about HR discriminating against you on behalf of a misogynist coworker. The legal responsibility falls on HR, which means it's up to them to tell the TIM to pound sand. Your job, if you choose to accept it, is to make them fulfill their responsibility to you.

Also, don't bring up lawyers or lawsuits if you can help it. Try to get them to write this down so you can use it as evidence later if necessary. They won't do this if they think you're going to sue them."
1865,,strawlesbian,"Your coworker is a man, and there is no such thing as ""cis female privilege"". That's just the MRAs'""female privilege"" in woke clothing."
1866,,gencritthrowwww,"This sounds like a clear case of sex discrimination, given that there were men dressed as female characters and they weren't told (sorry, *kindly asked*) to leave. I completely agree that you should take this to either HR or a lawyer.

Sarah could have left if he was that upset. There was nothing offensive about your costume. It's not your fault he can't handle seeing a woman in a suit."
1867,,Lilith_Dark_Mercy,"Oh, so it wasn't possible you were a TIF then (transman) ?? Cuz some how you had privilege?

 If you can file a complaint about that whole debacle... you were asked to leave because you dressed how you wanted which was no way inappropriate and made to feel like you were abusing someone else. (Edit: I see you are uncomfortable with that.)

You were wearing something that women worked hard for to get the right to wear. By saying that you wearing that makes a transwo(man) uncomfortable and asking you to leave is reinforcing sex stereotypes and is absolute bullshit.

Males reinforcing gender/sex stereotypes. How--What's the word? Right. progressive."
1868,,Struggle99,"What happened to you was wrong.  I hate that the HR person said they can’t make you leave, but can you just leave? That would be great!

They still made you leave!

Also you can call “Sarah” a man now.  Do you really think a woman could have gotten you kicked out of the party like that?"
1869,,mojrim67,"I love how ""Sarah"" managed, through her tears, to hit all the buzzwords and have a ready answer for everything.  The level of entitled narcissism is mind-blowing."
1870,,Jo_in_TN,"I'm sorry, but I'm not believing that ""Sarah"" was crying in the bathroom.  I think that ""Sarah"" might have been surprised for a split second, and then decided she could bully you.

It's all a male power trip over women, dear."
1871,,chocoboat,"> She also said that for all she knows the two guys might have trans feelings they aren't ready to come out about, so it isn't her place to tell them that they can't dress feminine.

Interesting how the MAN afforded that courtesy to the MEN, but did not consider that maybe you had trans feelings but weren't ready to come out, and it's not her place to tell you what to wear.

Of course, this has everything to do with the fact that he knows if he complained to the men, they'd tell him to fuck off and might even laugh at him... but he feels that he has power over a woman, that his complaints might succeed with her, and that he won't face pushback for going after her.

> There's another party a friend is having tonight, but I don't know if I even want to go because I don't want to upset trans people.

I know it's not easy, but you have to remind yourself that it's just impossible to please some people. You have to stop valuing their feelings in order to protect your own."
1872,,,[deleted]
1873,,Moonpriestes,"NTA.

You know it. Anyone who isn't a misogynist knows it.

Great choice in costume btw. Like others said, he was almost certainly annoyed you looked better than him in a men's suit and disfiguring makeup."
1874,,Thatstealthygal,"How did Sarah know you were not an egg taking their first steps into a transmasculine identity?

This sounds like Sarah has an issue with YOU. Be it because you're female or because of some other perceived infraction."
1875,,Feminazcabooby,"Welcome, sister.

This is officially the stupidest ""I accidentally offended a trans person"" story I've read on here, and I have read every comment in all the peak trans threads.

It's not you, it's them. They're the stupid, nonsensical ones. I'm sorry a mentally ill person had to ruin your evening."
1876,,PlumRavenPie,"He wants to **be** you. He hates you for being female, and feels entitled to ruin your night because he is spiraling that he can't wear your skin like a flesh suit. Seriously, don't feel guilty for this man's emotional instability, you did nothing wrong.

Plus, what if you were a trans man experimenting with men's clothing? Its just so clear to me that these men resent females. Manipulative motherfuckers."
1877,,feminotorious,"Your story enraged me, if it happened to me, I would be LIVID. Your HR person is the worst kind of coward, letting the TW bully you out of the party. And exactly as others have stated, because you are female. The TW’s feelings are far more valuable than yours, think of the litigation that awaits if they were accused of facilitating this harmful abuse you directed at ‘her’, by wearing that obviously triggering costume!
I am sorry you were devalued at your place of employment, maybe time to start looking for a workplace that is inclusive of women? *gasp!*
I hope you find one, you deserve a lot better than this!"
1878,,,">What's next? Women won't be allowed to wear pants because it will trigger transwomen?

They would love this.  It's funny that they try to smear GC feminists as alt-right, as both TRAs and conservatives want the same thing:  female gender roles going back to the 1950s."
1879,,byeo9001,">I just think it's wrong that I was made to leave the party while the two men who cross dressed were allowed to stay.

Three men"
1880,,timbowen,"Write, write, write.  Write an email to HR.  Include any pictures you can find. This is crystal clear sex based discrimination.  I would line up another job first and second sue them into the Stone Age.  The fact that HR was involved makes it a thousand times worse for the company.

If you don’t want to get another job and can continue to work there that is also OK, and I sincerely hope you are happy if you choose to go that route."
1881,,,[deleted]
1882,,darkadaptedeyez,This should be grounds for a sex discrimination lawsuit. WTF??
1883,,RetlaOge,"TRAs on reddit love to call all these kinds of stories fake, and I can see why, it's really hard to believe that people can be this insane... but they're literally the ones telling you that males can just ""become"" female, so is it really any surprise that they'd pull even more unbelievable shit just to fulfil their egos?

Don't forget that a lot of reddit mods are actually trans - even on the subs that are supposed to be about women exclusively."
1884,,LilianH,Does the HR person have a senior manager you can complain to?
1885,,nruthh,"This is a situation where you need to lawyer up, holy shit. “On the basis of sex” entirely applies here. You were discriminated against, plain and simple. This is cut and dry sex discrimination. Please, please, please get a lawyer. This is cut and dry."
1886,,rad_daphne,"It's obvious this Sarah person has a hate boner for you. You're probably just the type of woman he would like to be in his sexual fantasies.

Anyway you should have looked at that HR person and said ""so you're telling me that me being a female is inherently offensive?"" And then look them long and hard in the eye and wait."
1887,,platypuskigurumi,"Definitely not the asshole. Your coworker targeted you and knew that he could use the costume against you by playing the ""trans card."" Don't let the female name fool you. He's a man and knew he could attack you, a woman, to ""put you in your place."" Textbook misogyny. Fight back to the best of your ability.

PS- your costume sounds awesome"
1888,,UterusUnderground,This is why all the well-meaning liberal academics who lump in trans with celebrations of gender fluidity and norm-breaking don’t know what the hell they’re talking about. TRAs don’t want anyone to play with gender except themselves.
1889,,Rusticular,"If that isn't male entitlement and woman-hating, I don't know what is."
1890,,hey-hey-how,"Generally speaking, I encourage women who experience this to respond with something along the lines: ""Don't assume my gender identity. It's offensive and private"". Play silly games, win silly prizes. Trans people want to demand I follow gender lines of their devising because their feelz? Well, guess what dude, based on your insane definition of gender, I'm gender-fluid so back the frack off.


I'd argue if you're a woman who wears pants you can happily identity as gender-fluid whenever a transperson gives you shit and the shit will magically go away."
1891,,Frizzynoodles,"Your colleague is a man with a fetish. His fetish requires everyone to join in and refer to him as a woman but unfortunately his male entitlement means that he wants to be treated like a man.

He enjoyed making you feel like this.

How do you dress at work? Mix your style up a bit sometimes within the dress code and log any harassment towards you.

Be strong."
1892,,cannotevenwiththis,a man complained that his feelings were hurt
1893,,burntmatchesburn3x,Lawyer up.
1894,,QueenlyFlux,"You're not the asshole, obviously it's not your problem if this coworker feels insecure. Next time, tell them you'd prefer to stay."
1895,,apocalypsehoe,"Man that is enraging to me! Like wtf! Do some of them have such little confidence that something like that is 'triggering'. Like, sucks for you if something triggers dysphoria but maybe don't look at them then? Let them enjoy their night and don't be hypocrital because why would she consider the guys who dressed up as female characters to be having 'trans feelings' and not you? If that's her reasoning then by all means you could be having 'trans feelings' too and also not 'ready to come out'.

People can wear what they want and just because you're dressed as a male, which you have every right to be, doesn't mean that it's wrong. Clothes are clothes and it's obvious Sarah is putting a lot of being female on clothes and femininity.  I mean have you ever looked at women who wear suits! For one thing that's super hot. But does that mean when she sees women wearing suits that every single time it triggers her because a suit is considered for 'maaaaaaales' ???? Like jfc.

i'm sorry this happened to you. i'm sorry it ruined a fun night for you. But next time you should refuse to leave and explain your position and that you have every right to dress how you want for a party."
1896,,NerdBrenden,"I’m surprised that your post was removed from ATIA. But then again, this IS Reddit. And you really can’t two about trans people. They are mods EVERYWHERE."
1897,,feralsunflowers,"God damn, I'm just continually peaking day in day out now! I'm so sorry this happened to you, """"""Sarah"""""" is nothing more than a misogynistic TIM(cel), like a good lot of them are. It really does feel like female existence triggers them..."
1898,,ActualComfort6,"Lawyer up.  This qualifies as gender discrimination, especially since the male colleagues weren't also asked to leave.  Document everything. Rail the fucker."
1899,,reisereisecherywaves,"I just discovered this subreddit myself. I've never considered myself a feminist, but I align with a lot of discussions here. Having said that, you are NOT the asshole. I honestly can't get over the fact that you were pulled aside. This shit is getting sickening."
1900,,team_sita,"HR should have left the unstable man cry in the bathroom, the men's room at that. Good luck because that was all kinds of bs."
1901,,mummytheloveheart,"So ‘cis privilege’ is other people accurately being able to assess what sex you are regardless of your clothing?

Me thinks Sarah also has cis privilege in that case.

I’m so sorry you had this experience. I’m proper raging on your behalf. How dare he. Just, how fucking dare he."
1902,,moglbu,It’s so insane to me that your coworker seems their feelings as more important than yours (ignoring the fact that their feelings are fucking ridiculous).
1903,,thekeeper_maeven,"I'm sorry that happened, it was really unfair to you. You are not the asshole here, Sarah and HR were.

I am curious about your experience here as an outsider. I'm glad you were able to find us so you could share your story, but I wonder if you will be staying too.

It's a very different culture from the (male) liberal or conservative kind and evokes different reactions from people."
1904,,BoobDoodles,"FTR, definitely NTA."
1905,,earthenmeatbag,"These people are so damned self absorbed. OP you are perfectly in the clear, that self obsessed narcissist ruined your night."
1906,,lavenderamethyst, He’s just pissed because even when you’re trying to dress up as a man you’re clearly more female than he is when he tries to dress up as a woman.
1907,,,I'm so sorry you went through this. It's super not cool. We hear your lady. I may have a somewhat different viewpoint but I guess I am just at the point where I accept that society is insane and limit my interactions with some of it. You didn't do anything wrong. Period. In fact your may have grounds for discrimination. It would be a pain to pursue but you are definitely not wrong.
1908,,slurmfactory,Lmfao “Sarah” needs to get over herself instead of crying to the feelings police.
1909,,The_Invader_Kilz,"There's a simple solution to it. Call trans women what they are:

Men.

I hate to sound like a white knight here, but the more we give way to compelled speech, the more they want to compel speech. It's an attack on women, their spaces, and their sports. Using the teeny percentage of abnormal gendered people as justification to make ridiculous claims about gender and sex is not a valid argument and many of the scientists are pushing their own agenda instead of abject truth. Your chromosomes and genes define your gender, and if this was a different mental illness, we wouldn't be enabling the delusion. Treat them with respect but don't give way to the wider ideology."
1910,,lacubana,"I am so sorry this happened to you.

This reminds me of a post (or multiple posts, I can't remember) a while back about makeup. Apparently lib fems were screeching that going without makeup and shaving can't be a feminist act because it ""excludes"" trans women, who need those things to ""pass.""

So basically now we have to undo all of feminism so that men can more easily pretend to be women.. and feminist women, at that.

Cool, cool."
1911,,,"They hate us, you're right.

Next time, use their stupid ideology against them and say you're genderfluid."
1912,,she_roes,"I know everyone is giving you amazing advice etc here but I want to say, your costume sounds awesome and I'm really mad on your behalf"
1913,,Amareldys,How does she know you're not a transman who hasn't come out yet?
1914,,vodka_gimli,I'm really sorry this happened to you.  Your costume sounds like it was super cool.
1915,,auklet,"I think it's jealousy,  pure and simple. Your gender-bending costume was probably clever and got compliments.  If there's one thing we know about a large subset of TiMs, it's that they MUST be the center of attention,  and lavished with praise, else they throw tantrums and threaten people."
1916,,crackpipecardozo,"Next time tell HR you're identifying as a man for the evening. Its supposedly subjective horseshit anyways, so who is anyone to say any different?"
1917,,Concernedmuch,"My blood is boiling even though this didn’t happen to me. I can imagine how it made you feel. This is harassment. It is! Being with a toxic person is like walking on eggshells. Every move, every little thing that might upset the toxic person becomes your fault and your responsibility. I find these people to be highly narcissistic. It’s all about them! Everything should be about them.

If you study this personality, you’ll understand the characteristics."
1918,,LesbianPrincess-,"PLEASE don't call us ""cis""."
1919,,designdebatedebug,You are not the asshole.. That sounds super shitty and I’m sorry that happened to you. Women have enough men policing what we look like I would appreciate trans women being allies supporting us and not telling us we can’t dress masculine because it’s triggering.
1920,,Beaverdam11,"I know this was removed from AITA, but I just have to say totally NTA. As far as race goes, I doubt it had anything to do with this guy's motivations, although I can't say with certainty. The bullying of natal (biological) women is very, *very* common with ""transwomen"". It's happened to you. It's happened to me. And I've read way too many accounts from others who have been bullied and shut down because the only feelings which matter are the transwomen's. I'm sorry this happened to you. It's unfortunately much too common and it's way worse than just things like this. Reddit is infamous for shutting people down if they're ""on the wrong side"". (Although it isn't wrong at all). A lot of them, or their sympathizers, have taken over as mods on subs and you can get banned for saying totally innocent things. Or correct things. Or for just having an opinion. The bullying is pretty bad and really bad in real life. If you read around some, you'll see what I mean. There are sooooo many accounts of things that are changing or have been changed which hurt all natal women very badly. Definitely take the legal advice which has already been posted here. It's very good advice."
1921,,,Sounds like an awesome costume. You’re right. Where does it end? Basically they want everyone to go back to the 1950s and live in sex role stereotypes. I’m sorry this happened to you. I’m happy you’re seeking legal counsel.
1922,,jcasss,"It sounds like he’s jealous because you’re an attractive woman having a good time living your best life.

I’m sorry this happened to you.  Sue them."
1923,,jupiter_sunstone,"So... definitely not the asshole, for one. For two- fuck your coworker (not literally) and fuck HR for even giving them any validation of their complaint. This entire situation is ridiculous. Glad you are talking to a lawyer- and welcome to gender critical! This sub has kind of saved Reddit for me and helped me feel less outcast for being a woman... who supports other women."
1924,,earthgarden,"I am so glad you're seeing a lawyer. Your HR person was WRONG. Sarah was WRONG. This transwoman can feel whatever, but it is wrong to take those feelings and oppress another person. I can understand being asked to leave a party if you were dressed up like Hitler or something egregious, however you were just a woman dressed up as a fictional comic book villain. It wasn't even the evil villain that disturbed him, it was simply that you're a *woman*."
1925,,cebolla_y_cilantro,I have nothing to add except this is crazy to me.
1926,,Nibbana0,"Holy shit, sue the pants off them while wearing pants ! HOLY SHIT !"
1927,,,""" if she were to dress as a male character people would doubt her womanhood because she's trans.'

""Sarah""....bless your heart.   People doubt your womanhood even when you're dressed as a woman.  Because you're a damn man.  Jesus.  Sorry, OP.  Bet you looked cute as hell, which rubbed salt in the wound.  Keep us posted on this insanity."
1928,,McBurgerHam,What have we become as society? Your coworker is mentality ill. This is all about attention. Tine to plan a nuclear revenge. Don't accept this bs.
1929,,Alicyclic_Couple,I bet he is a “transbian” too. They’re the incels that get triggered bc no one likes them in GIRL MODE either and make the real lgbt community look like shit.
1930,,FemmeRevolutionnaire,"I see on a pretty consistent basis that transwomen have a hell of a lot more privileges than “cis female” women (a redundant phrase).

I don’t mean privilege in just the sociological definition (which only means someone does not experience discrimination on a particular axis), but also in the sense that they get an unusual amount of special treatment. They are rarely expected to compromise, acquiesce, or face repercussions for inappropriate behavior. Your story is an all too common example, but there are a lot of egregious ones.

Even other trans activists have said that Halloween is an opportunity for closeted people to safely experiment with their gender identity in public, so it’s best not to make assumptions about the intentions of cross dressers. How can they be sure you weren’t trying to explore being a trans man? That doesn’t mean I personally agree that it’s transphobic to cross dress for any other reason, but it’s pretty hypocritical of a trans person to police anyone else’s gender nonconformity.

Anyway. Your coworker was 100% out of line. Their feelings are their responsibility alone, not yours or anyone else’s. You did nothing wrong, they were obligated to deal with their own discomfort without taking it out on you. If they couldn’t handle it like an adult, they should have left.

It’s not the fault of cis women if a transwoman can’t pass, and it’s not our job to make sacrifices because they feel insecure about it. You don’t owe them anything more than the same basic courtesy you’d give to any other person.

This applies to any well-adjusted adult in a professional setting, trans or not. Imagine going to HR and saying you want a co-worker to leave a Halloween party because she’s too attractive and it makes you feel insecure about your looks, or because she was talking about her recent engagement and it made you feel bad because you’re single. That’s how delusional and self-centered this person’s behavior sounds. It’s just that as a society we’re all so afraid of the extreme backlash that comes with alleged “transphobia” that we’re conditioned to indulge their victim complex and constant need for attention."
1931,,flabinella,"Yes it's a very weird world we are living in. And it's getting weirder every day.

Fact 2019: only in very few particular situations people are being expected to foresee any hurt their totally normal actions would cause and they are expected to tweak their behavior.

On the other hand, there are situations where it's totally okay to say or ask things that actually might cause hurt to people but all everyone says is: well get over it.

I will tell you some examples I experienced.

It's totally okay to ask a woman why she doesn't have children. Not only is this a totally personal issue, you might actually hurt someone who is infertile.

It's totally okay to make certain comments about women's bodies. You might never mention her race or the fact that she's overweight. But go ahead and ask her what her shoe size is if she's tall. And if she's slim go ahead and tell her that she should eat something. All perfectly accepted and it happens on a regular basis for me.

so go ahead and invade a woman's privacy, comment on her body and life choices, but don't dare to have a funny costume at an event!"
1932,,BlankeneseHamburg,"This is eye opening and thank you for sharing. I am new to this too. Some corrected me in this community saying that cis is not an ok term. Straight people shouldn’t be a labeled forced to be used because it’s a term trans pple came up with. They get to self define, we should to. Not be labeled by another group. It’s hypocritical. I also YouTubed Ryan Dennis. That situation explains everything. Google it"
1933,,Relevant_Truth,They think they are better than normal women in **every** single way. Normal women are just obstacles and or rape-meat for them to dominate and replace.
1934,,,[deleted]
1935,,Deleteordecay,"How ridiculous, I’m so sorry this happened to you. It’s not right at all and I can’t believe they made you leave because of a costume. Yeah they may have said they ‘can’t make you leave’ but who would want to hang around after being so obviously targeted like that? I would be telling everyone what happened if it were me."
1936,,crlody,"Holy shit, that is absolutely batshit insane and I'm enraged on your behalf. That is absolutely NOT OK! What an entitled, narcissistic, petty fucking asshole. He had no right to do that to you. Please know that. You did NOTHING wrong."
1937,,,"“I asked what she meant and Sarah told me that me being a woman and dressing as a man is triggering to her, because people still know I'm a woman, but if she were to dress as a male character people would doubt her womanhood because she's trans.”

But people don‘t observe what sex you are at a glance and then discriminate against you accordingly, thinking that they do is really terve rhetoric. Sarah should examine her cissexist biases"
1938,,carpetplaydohx2,"> I will be bringing this up with the lawyer.

Yep, that's exactly where you go from here. That's the only place you can go from here. How freaking dare ""Sarah"" treat you so dismissively. You were fine, and your costume was fine, and you did nothing ""transphobic"" whatsoever. ""Sarah"" was the overly sensitive bigot and needs to put some big boy panties on before going to any more parties."
1939,,kristiansands,"Let's remember that ""Sarah"" and her crocodile tears is an adult human male with so much privileges he pushed you out because your costume was probably better than his.

He's a liar, and a racist that's why he did this little spectacle to you. You are exactly right to question Sarah's own attitude towards your skin color since transgenders are often not the last being huge racists."
1940,,ThoughtPirates,"I just recently joined this sub and it breaks my heart to read what happened to you. I hope what ever happened during that Halloween party back fires at HR and that trans person. I cant believe that something like that would happen,  people are fucking crazy. I would say its totally ok to be selfish and put your feelings in front of someone else. Fuck that crazy ass person and HR. I hope they both get the boot. Stay strong!"
1941,,FancyForager,I'm curious-- why was your post removed from the r/AITA? What was the reason they gave for removing it?
1942,,steppe_dweller,"You know, I have to say that I have many times in my life gone off in distress. And I don't know that anyone has ever known about it. How is it that some people - if they are crying in the bathroom - are known to have been crying in the bathroom? And have someone want to help them? That has never happened to me!

What I am trying to suggest in my ever so subtle way is that this person must have made a bit of a production of it."
1943,,imacarpet,"\> I tried not to make it racial, but it felt like there was a racial element...


There is certainly a racial element. You were told that according to intellectual frameworks of privilege that you, a black woman, were kicked out of a party for refusing to consider the actions of your privilege-informed actions upon the feelings of a white male."
1944,,2or3thingsIknow,"OMFG, we have come to this stage in 2019. You are 100% correct to feel the way you do and I agree it was both racism and misogyny at play here.

This trans identified male (please , never call them women, they will never be women) deliberately picked on you, a black women, to have you removed. My good guess it was his chance to malign you and have you removed so that he is can revel in his fake victim-hood. He used you and treated you terribly. He's a narcissist and a woman hater. I commend you for going to a lawyer. Good luck sister."
1945,,greenpinkorange,"Really sorry this happened to you. Wow, I wouldn’t have known how to react at all!! If they were upset THEY should have left - the issue is theirs, not yours."
1946,,,This is sickening and I’m sorry this is happening to you. I hate that you have to pull the race card but whatever you can do to put Sarah in his place is very helpful!
1947,,KawaiiHarunezumi,I’m so sorry that happened to you. You did nothing wrong. Men who want to control women are using this as a new tool to control women. I hope you can work something out at work and get whatever redress you feel appropriate.
1948,,lilgreenbite,"What in the actual fuck?!? I am so sorry they did this to you. It’s not only white supremacy, it is male entitlement, which trans women still have because they were socialized as men. I’m also a black woman and if I were you, I would be looking for a new job and making sure that I file a suit. Glad that you took the advice of people here and sought out a lawyer. The right lawyer will want to take on this case because it goes to the crux of not only sex-based discrimination but racism and employment. This is a Supreme Court case waiting to happen."
1949,,RogueRe1gn,"Tbqh it's not about the men here. The very fact that he felt entitled to demand you leave a party simply because your costume exposed his personal feelings of innadiquacy is insane.
Women in skimpy Halloween costumes who look hot as hell and rock them make me insecure because I know I could never pull it off, but I don't go around crying and screaming to HR about how these women should leave the building in order to make me feel better.
The sheer level of entitlement is appalling and frankly the HR lady needs to get a grip. She shouldn't have even enterteaned his bullshit."
1950,,Teletubbie10,"TRAs say gender is a feeling, not how you look. Mental gymnastics"
1951,,muffinsrising,"You would not have been asked to leave the work party if you were male regardless of dress. That is sex discrimination – workplace discrimination against a protected class. It creates a hostile environment in the workplace by excluding you from socialization and networking events and singling you out for behavioral policing.

&#x200B;

There is an added uncomfortable layer of black women's presentation (clothing, hair, etc.) being policed by white people in society. This still continues with black girls being kicked out of school for these things, when white girls and boys are not subject to those types of suspensions."
1952,,divinewitch08,"This sounds like sexist bullying to me, I can't believe you were asked to leave! This bloke is a horrible waste of space. I'd take it all the way to the top for discrimination, especially as they didn't request the other two blokes to leave. I'd say there is definitely a racial element to this considering you were the only one asked to leave. I wish you all the best my darling, and I'm so sorry that you've had to experience such awful discrimination over a fetishist's feeling. X"
1953,,KelseyAnn94,It’s clear why she only picked on you. You’re a woman and she thought you were an easy target.
1954,,djgringa,"That is infuriating!

 Didn't you know that \*her\* rights trump yours (it's misogyny, but we aren't allowed to say that out loud) ? And we must all acquiesce to the most sensitive and mentally imbalanced person in the room at all times?

The fact that you are black makes it more infuriating, because you don't get to choose your skin color while this person is actively choosing to marginalized themselves, play the victim role on top of it and make sure you know that \*her\* rights supersede yours."
1955,,antonivs,"> At that point HR told me she can't make me leave, but that Sarah had been crying in the bathroom earlier and that it would mean a lot if I just left for the night.

> So I said my goodbyes and left

That was your choice. Next time, just say something like, ""I'm sorry she feels that way, but I'm going back to the party."""
1956,,,[removed]
1957,,winewatcher,(What is “AITA”?)
1958,,grass-fed_quinoa,"Yes, lawyer up immediately. You probably won't have any issues finding someone, but given this climate I'd be prepared for a lot of ""no's"".

You could always *try* contacting ACLU about this, but they take the trans side 100% of the time. Given the racial aspect, perhaps the local NAACP chapter in your area could point you to more resources?

I'm so sorry this happened. Your costume sounds amazing, save it for next year when you can celebrate without all this bullshit and baggage."
1959,,AnnaTheAcolyte,you are NEVER the asshole for living your life without considering how males might feel about it.
1960,,coffeechilliandgym,"Next time something like that happens, tell them to go fuck themselves. This is nothing more than an effort to remove women from public life.

Imagine if a cis woman said “I want her to leave because her hair is longer/stomach is flatter/legs are longer than mine.” she’d be laughed out of town. That’s basically what Sarah did. Doing a piss poor job of convincing people you’re “really” a woman trapped in the wrong body..."
1961,,Jomatnatil,"God this is why Transpeople get a bad rep. Im a trans person myself and there was not a thing wrong with your costume.
If Sarah had such a problem with it,then she should have left,not you."
1962,,NoctaeBride,"Wow, I'm so glad that you have support within the company, I think that'll make things easier for you hopefully. And yes, I do think your race definitely has something to do with it. TiMs love using statistics about discrimination towards black women to compare themselves to but then tend to be racist as hell on the inside (like Jonathan Yaniv) and single out nonwhite women with their bullshit.

It's like with periods, they love using the topic to talk about their own ""oppression"" but when it comes to actually supporting women (i.e respecting how difficult actual periods can be, sexism crossing over with racism) they don't say a single god damn thing. Good luck with the case."
1963,,FuchsiaDay,"This is terrible and I'm sorry this happened to you. That transwomen picked the most outlandish reason to get you out of the party.  She choose the path of least  resistance - pick on a woman, and an attractive black woman at that. He could have done the same to the two men, but they tell him where to go - HR or not.  HR couldn't even figure out it was being fed BS. IF the transwoman was so upset, she should have left.  Watch your back."
1964,,chubz4you,"The worst part about that story is 1. You bent the knee and left even though HR didnt force you to and 2. That at the end you decide that since youre black you should try to pull the race card on the tranny, the 1 upsmanship of victimhood is bullshit. Its why were having to deal with this shit in the first place"
1965,,LittleOwl12,"White folx don't get to push black folx around. If we're going to use Tumblr's stupid spin on AAV.

How dare this asshole target you that way."
1966,,winewatcher,Thanks!
1967,,DrussIV,"Yea, the asshole is definitely the male who forced you to leave your Halloween party and made you cry. There isn't a single doubt about it.

Also, this is a perfect example of the ""never happens"" kind of shit that is transgender lobbying."
1968,,feduptranswidow,"Oh - you looked better than him, therefore he was ""triggered"". 100% guaranteed.

&#x200B;

Also this ""getting to determine what other girls can wear at the party so I can be the center of male attention!"" is a male fantasy of how women behave toward each other, I see it on tv all the time, I rarely see it IRL. TIMs acting out a fantasy of being Queen Bee."
1969,,bipass2u,Soon they will replace us that's their goal..soon it will be offensive for existing in public because it effects the twanz. FFS. Drop the T like a rock.
1970,,Gold_Range,"What does cis mean exactly

Sorry for being uninformed it’s just I’ve never heard of that term before"
1971,,tehbewilderness,"The question this kind of behavior always raises in my mind is, are all transgender identified males abusive assholes like this one or is it just the 80% who are co-morbind with narcissism?"
1972,,VitaMelts,"This is very common behavior from a transwoman, and the censorship is extra common.

I would complain to HR that you felt bullied that night, because you were. You were bullied by a man who hates and resents women."
1973,,tristesse_blanche,"Im so sorry this happened to you, it was racist and misogynist and shouldn't have ever happened. I hope you feel better now <3 sending love and solidarity"
1974,,beezling,"HR should have just told her to man up!


Oh. Wait. Yeah. No."
1975,,brookelyn77,It's time for a lawsuit.  Next it will be your job.  It's time to put a stop to this nonsense.
1976,,LilMagsta,Their argument is inconsistent.
1977,,fas_nefas,"You shouldn't do this unless you want to and your lawyer says it's OK, but wouldn't it be interesting to see what happens if you start wearing men's suits to work."
1978,,rideloo,"Oh my fucking god. I just can't believe what people do anymore. Like what the fuck, women have cis priviledge to what, be oppressed? Do they even know what they're actually saying?

 And now people are pulling this shit too? What are we even supposed to do anymore? That was so unfair, I'm so sorry that happened. Ugh, I'm disgusted. I hope you get her in trouble so she doesn't get away with that. I swear, it feels like society is just regressing at this point, I am so freaking upset about this... you did nothing to deserve that, we just fucking exist and we get treatment we didn't ask for or deserve."
1979,,mfpotatoeater99,It's important to remember what those people have is literally a mental disorder
1980,,soovestho,Fake ass woman
1981,,RollingArtist,"Yo, NTA here. What she did was dumb. But you never know what’s gonna offend someone. Which is kinda sucky."
1982,,bondwoman44,/r/watchredditdie
1983,,CourageousCauliflowr,Dude's crybaby egotistical behavior is just more proof that TRANSWOMEN ARE MEN. :)
1984,,gcthrowaway2019,I'm late but a good advice columnist Deborrah Cooper answered this on one of her Tuesday shows. Not sure if you sent it in to her but yeah she answered this with overwhelming support for you.
1985,,YaNeedJesus,"While I do understand why you’re upset (I would be too), from what I can tell you’ve only had this issue with one transwoman so I don’t think it’s fair to hate on that group as a whole. Just hate on Sarah ;)"
1986,,chaostrulyreigns,"Any update on this, op?"
1987,,BobSagieBauls,Was with you until you randomly made it about race lol wtf
1988,,BobSagieBauls,Was with you until you randomly made it about race lol wtf
1989,,O_D_Ts,How do you derive 'a lot of' from one incident?
1990,,,"Yes.  And who's to say her costume consisted of ""male clothes""?  Maybe Harvey Two Face had trans inclinations we don't know about."
1991,,reisereisecherywaves,"You have a solid goddamned point, I didn't even think of that."
1992,,lacubana,"Controlling women's bodies IS a trans feeling, it would seem."
1993,,Deleteordecay,This was my first thought. It’s not about trans feelings at all.
1994,,Barack_Lesnar,"Well yeah, we men have been loosing our hold over women over the years so now we have to start identifying as women to exercise control over you."
1995,,KawaiiHarunezumi,"I saw tweets like that, too... saying not to get mad at people crossdressing because they may be exploring their gender identities. WOMAN IS NOT A COSTUME!"
1996,,LighthouseInSnow,Bingo
1997,,IlIlIlIlIIIIllllll,"Fuck HR for enabling this nonsense. These people know they can get away with bullying as long as they paint themselves as a victim. Children do this shit with their parents.


Controlling women is a big part of the AGP fetish. Rod Fleming talks about this a lot in his research."
1998,,Barack_Lesnar,Don't forget all of the men smashing women's records in sports.
1999,,CruelEnnui,I guess cis female privilege is having to leave the party because you trigger men with your existence as an actual woman.
2000,,lucretiamott1,"female ""cis privilege"" is a myth, one of their biggest delusions"
2001,,Extranuminary,I’m sure the girls kidnapped by Boko Haram are enjoying their “privilege”.😒 insanity
2002,,000_Fei-Yen_000,Cis female privilege is the concept that real females exist. That’s it. The fact that real women exist is triggering to TIMs.
2003,,egadsby,cis privilege is where you have a vagina and that's offensive to men
2004,,throwawaymagic3,r/cisprivilegeisalie
2005,,Katzirl,"Female cis privilege is rape, fgm, domestic and sexual abuse and less pay."
2006,,rinabean,"It's ""pussy privilege"" renamed because they got laughed at for talking about that. All these blokes are are MRAs."
2007,,lacubana,"I've heard cis female privilege being described as not wearing makeup or heels and still passing as female.

Like being visibly weaker and easier to rape is somehow a ""privilege."""
2008,,YesPleaseMadam,"is the privilege of looking like a woman, apparently."
2009,,RadfemXX__,"Cis female privilege is how we have to call racialized misogyny now

Ugly misogynistic racist men feel threatened by happy confident black women  so women have to go to stop oppresing them"
2010,,mannerscostnothingyo,I don’t know what cis female privilege is but how jolly nice of the menfolk to let us know we have some. I always wanted some sex based privileges! ;/
2011,,quattroformaggixfour,"Holy shit, how true is that statement. You just blew my mind. Sincerely."
2012,,fas_nefas,"OMG, thank you.  Everyone thinks I'm such a big bitch lately, but I am literally just tired of all the bullshit.  I have a kid now, and it's amazing the heaviness of that burden.  It's also a wonderful, joyful thing, but I no longer have the time or inclination to put up with any more childishness than what I *have* to put up with."
2013,,gravitygrrl,I don't know why.  Can you explain why?
2014,,halloweenaita1,Thank you. I'm calling a lawyer on Monday.
2015,,PlayLysistrataRules,">USA is a dumpster fire right now for women in regards to this issue and it will only get worse.

Terrifying - have you come across many similar issues in your work in HR?"
2016,,rideloo,Now that I can't unsee it I feel like I'm going insane. This is literal madness. Life feels like a nightmare now. I don't know if I can ever be happy again.
2017,,Moonpriestes,Women weren't allowed to wear pants on tv until the 1960s and now less than 60 years later we'd be back to not being allowed to wear 'men's' clothes? How anyone can think this is 'progressive' is beyond me.
2018,,littlerbear,"I'm perimenopausal and prone to heavy mood swings and intense anger. Thanks to a lot of yoga and therapy, I have it under control. I sincerely hope, however, that some fragile dude doesn't cross me about wearing pants at the wrong time."
2019,,expensivetrick,I'm a butch lesbian. So I guess my whole existence triggers transwomen.
2020,,_alligator_lizard_,"I was gonna say ""under his eye"" and then thought about how the Handmaid's Tale sub is trans controlled - the irony!"
2021,,egadsby,"This is the logical conclusion of OP's altercation.

Woman dressing like man = triggering because TIMs wouldn't be able to do so without presenting as masculine

means women must dress as feminine and revealing as possible in order to avoid triggering TIMs.  After all, most TIMs look like straight up men, so the only way to pass is by becoming a walking feminine stereotype.  If a woman wears pants or a long sleeve shirt, it reminds TIM of how if xhe wore the same thing, xhe would be perceived as a man.

All ciswomen are now required to come to work in thongs.  With breast implants and ass implants.  And corset training.  Men will support this."
2022,,rinabean,"That's what happened here, let's be honest. It wasn't allowed for a woman to wear men's clothes."
2023,,wildclovr,Not ACLU.  They are 100 percent pro-trans right now.
2024,,rubythieves,"Yes. I am a lawyer and I doubt I'm in your jurisdiction (or your country!) but this is such clear discrimination it's not even funny. But first things first - while it is all still fresh in your mind and before you start worrying about hiring a lawyer and before facts get overwhelmed by feelings (which can happen, and it's normal) you need to sit down and write out everything that happened that night, every little detail.

Where did you get dressed for the party? Were you alone or with other people? Describe your costume in *exact* detail (photos would be great.) How did you get to the party? What time did you arrive? Do you remember talking to specific people about your costume or anyone else's costumes? Write it all down. When did you notice the men dressed as female characters? What *exactly* where *they* wearing? How were they acting (i.e. were they just being themselves but in costume, or was 'Harley Quinn' acting like the female character Harley Quinn?)

When did you first notice Sarah was present/when did he arrive? What time was it and what were you doing when Sarah and 'HR' pulled you aside to talk about your costume? Write out the conversation as best as you can remember it. Did anyone else hear the conversation? (If so, ask them to write down what they recall.) What was the tone of the conversation?

>At that point HR told me she can't make me leave, but that Sarah had been crying in the bathroom earlier and that it would mean a lot if I just left for the night.
>
>So I said my goodbyes and left, but I cried in the Uber home.

All the details of this - what was the tone of 'it would mean a lot if you just left for the night?' Did you feel that some negative consequence (other than Sarah's feelings being hurt) would happen to you if you chose to stay? When you said your goodbyes and left, what did you say? Did any of your co-workers know why you were leaving? If they didn't, did they ask why you were leaving early? What did you say? Where was Sarah and ""HR"" while you were saying these goodbyes? What time did you leave? Ask your friends/co-workers who stayed at the party - when did the party end? What time did Sarah leave? How did she seem (mood, etc.) after you left? What time did the men dressed as women leave? **This part is important -** were any work projects, upcoming work social events, or other important work-related conversations you would have been part of had you been able to stay talked about at the party after you left? (This is where damages start applying.)

*Why* did you cry on the way home? Was it just because you had been looking forward to the party, was it because it felt unfair, was it because you hadn't meant to hurt anyone's feelings, was it because you didn't feel you got to state your side of things, was it because the cross-dressing men could stay, was it because you felt accused of transphobia or being disrespectful/hurtful when that wasn't the case, was it because you were worried about the consequences with HR going forward, or some combination of these (or other) things?

Write down everything you remember, times, people, transport modes, everything, and if you have co-operative coworkers, let them help.

Your next step should be to write a simple email to HR. *You need to write a simple wording of events that is basically impossible for them to deny.* Leave out details they could say didn't happen or are exaggerations - just the simple truth.

This is an example, but it might not be right for you (include *only* facts they cannot deny or 'spin,' even better if you can name witnesses who heard the conversation or saw you forced to leave.)

'I am writing re: the events of the evening of (party date), when \[HR person\] told me it was best for me to leave the company party because my costume was upsetting to another co-worker, Sarah, because I was a 'cis woman' dressed as a male character. This happened even after I explained that my costume was simply a favourite character of mine, that I did not intend to hurt anyone's feelings, and after I pointed out that two men at the party were dressed as female characters. Those men were *not* asked to leave. This incident was distressing to me, and I would like to put it on the record. I have testimony from two other co-workers who \[heard the discussion where I was asked to leave, saw me leaving the party in tears, whatever is true.\] If you do not agree with my accounting of this event, I would appreciate a detailed reply indicating exactly where you feel my recollection, and the recollection of my co-workers, is not accurate.""

This will put them on notice that you're thinking lawsuit, so be careful, but make it airtight and basically impossible for them to deny. It should only be a few sentences long (your detailed write-up of the night may be pages long - keep that for *your* lawyer, don't show it to HR.)

Don't start looking for a lawyer until you have written out every detail you remember, quietly enquired if any co-workers can vouch for any of what you're saying occurred (I mean *any* of it - even if someone just remembers you left suddenly and unexpectedly, that's good, ask them to write down what they remember.) Then once you have your written statement, any corroborating statements, and a response from HR to your undeniable facts, go find that lawyer and *please* crucify your employer, because what happened to you is not okay. (I might think differently if the men in 'cross-dress' were also asked to leave, but they weren't? That's some bullshit right there.)"
2025,,marilynspolitics,ACLU and HRC are both very pro-trans. Try find representation that will treat you fairly.
2026,,TAgurl,"Yes, yes, yes! Legal advice pronto!

My mind raged upon reading this account. I immediately started rationalising the situation with regards to HR work policies for clothing etc. I know it’s confronting to be put on the spot in this scenario, but unless HR can show definitive documentation that clearly outlines where OP had contravened any said policy, it was completely unacceptable to suggest, even in an ‘unofficial’ capacity (and regardless of how oh, so politely it was couched) that she leave the party.

In this instance OP, YOU were clearly singled out and discriminated against.

Be clear when recounting the reason they gave you for suggesting you leave. What language did they use and how did they use it? Was the reasoning they gave sound, with regards to your behaviour? The obvious answer is no.

They kicked you out just to appease someone else’s sensibilities - someone you had zero direct contact with that night. Nobody else found your costume offensive up to that point, so don’t let them pull that card on you either.

Remember OP to also highlight that you immediately tried to calmly resolve this issue and brought to their attention the blatant discrimination between your being asked to leave, and the verbal response you were given for why the cross-dressing men didn’t have to.

Was it even acceptable for a representative of HR to approach you in this casual manner? What’s the policy for this? It was essentially an ambush, for which you had zero time to prepare for, let alone accept.

Good luck!"
2027,,TrueIsntSafe,"Seconding the stay away from the ACLU opinion. They have fully drunk the trans Kool-Aid.

Step 1 is to document everything. OP should start a folder in her home. For each incident, jot down names, dates, places, witnesses, people she talked to after the fact, and copies of any key documents. Now that the TIM has had a taste of exercising shame and ostracism powers over a female coworker and HR has backed him up on it, the crybullying is going to ramp up.

It won't necessarily be aimed at OP again, and probably not against 67-year-old Marie. But woe to McKenzie who sits next to the TIM and has the temerity to be pregnant in his presence, or Molly who needs extra accommodation for her endometriosis, or Megan who dares tell her work besties about her PCOS or TTC struggles.

Step 2 is for OP to pull out her employee handbook. Familiarize herself with company policy on reporting a hostile work environment incident. Even though the party wasn't typical 9-5 work, it's still corporate enough.

Step 3 is to make some tough choices about whether and how to actually report.

If OP is going for a lawyer, she should look for a local plaintiff's employment discrimination lawyer. If she's in the US, it may be a little early to find a lawyer who will take the case on a no-money-up-front contingent fee, but it might be worth her time to seek an initial consultation on the hostile work environment. Just depends on how hungry the local sharks are.

If OP can't find a lawyer at this early phase - or she just doesn't want to - she needs to decide whether she wants to risk an internal corporate complaint. On the one hand, doing this promptly and by the book makes it harder for them to undermine her timing and motives if it ever does get to litigation. On the other, only OP has a sense of what kind of retaliation is likely to blowback on her for being 'difficult'.

In any event, OP should probably leave the GC/QT/TRA politics out of it. Unless her lawyer tells her otherwise, continue to play along with the TIM's pronouns, etc. For now, this is just about a double standard for male and female staff, and being singled out as 'inappropriate' with inadequate advance warning or justification."
2028,,Thatstealthygal,"Most especially, if non trans men were not chastised for crossdressing and you were, that's an issue."
2029,,sweetsourbitter,"I agree, please listen to the advice here and lawyer up. Ignore the window dressing this wannabe victim (aggressor) is trying to pull, this was discrimination against YOU. You have been discriminated against for being woman wearing an outfit that I'm sure is up to code with your company's written standards."
2030,,littlerbear,Good advice.
2031,,olivetree08,Agree! This is sexism in the workplace at its core.
2032,,Lady-vor,Good call. Make the company explain the reason was all over some crybully TIM.
2033,,wildclovr,"HR is all about protecting the company from lawsuits, and whether OP brings up a lawyer or not, HR is a legalistic entity and knows that putting anything in writing can hold them accountable later.  I think this could go one of two ways:  1) HR could try to pretend like this never happened and OP will have a hard time getting them to put anything at all in writing, or 2) HR will clarify in writing that they are 100 percent pro trans and anti woman, and all women at the company are officially on notice."
2034,,Struggle99,This is an excellent suggestion!  Ask for clarification in writing OP!
2035,,Feminazcabooby,"For real, how do some of these people make it out of the house in the morning?

If a client comes in and it's a woman in ""male"" clothes, is Sarah going to run and cry in the bathroom, and get HR to ask the person to leave?

I wonder if trans people have employment problems because this is how they act in the workplace and ain't nobody got time for that."
2036,,PassRestProd,"Genderfluid exists in the trans community - I was a non-binary who presented as GF for two years before I became GC - the fact that this was never seen as a possibility (and the confrontation, if it WERE true that you were GF, would have forced you to out yourself, whether or not you were comfortable/ ready/ willing) is nothing short of erasure. Again, this is straightforward misogynoir and has absolutely nothing to do with being trans."
2037,,fanstasyred,"It's practically rehearsed. Some people love to imagine scenarios where they can tell someone off perfectly in a fight they were just itching to get into and so they memorize what they'll say in case the opportunity arises. This person knew who to target since OP did back down. Frankly, if it were me, I wouldn't entertain whatever bullshit that was being spewed from their mouth"
2038,,Moonpriestes,*His* tears. This is an entitled man.
2039,,jargon_explosion,Abusers use crying to manipulate people. Definitely seems to work too.
2040,,reisereisecherywaves,Fuckin' BINGO!
2041,,twothumbs,Fucking spot on
2042,,adultingaf,"He is so ""stunning"" and so ""brave"", isn't he? /s"
2043,,Time_Barracuda,He's jealous and rattled that she still looks like a woman even when she's dressed as a man. It points out to him that he looks just as much like a man when dressed as a woman.
2044,,oldpinewoods,He had a hissy fit more like.
2045,,,Sarah's not smearing his makeup - come on!
2046,,PassRestProd,"Seconded - this is a form of conditioning and brainwashing that requires the strength to resist by being aware of what’s going on and programming yourself to be who you want to be, not who they want you to be; Behavior Modification 101."
2047,,Oof_too_Humid,"Wow - smart idea.  I'd love to hear from a gender critical HR person about this scenario--and generally speaking, about navigating the force-fed trans ideology many of us are facing at our workplaces now.

(Side note: HR person who has hit peak trans - that sounds like a nightmare career path in this climate.)"
2048,,Feminazcabooby,"Because you're female.

You don't need to look further than that."
2049,,halloweenaita1,"I did get this feeling, even from the HR lady. The way she spoke to me sounded like she wanted me to pity Sarah because Sarah was jealous of me or something. I didn’t want to mention it, but that’s how it felt. To be honest the HR girl sounded like she knew it was ridiculous but she didn’t want to get in trouble herself, like Sarah was gaslighting her into making me leave. It wasn’t spoken outright, but that’s the vibe I got. She (HR) even walked me out to my Uber and told me she was sorry."
2050,,lavenderamethyst,">He wants to be you. He hates you for being female, and feels entitled to ruin your night because he is spiraling

 Exactly. He can’t control his inner state, so he tries to control her. He doesn’t go after the other white males in the room, this white man goes after the black female.

Clear as fucking day."
2051,,PassRestProd,"Gods forbid TIMs en masse acknowledge and unpack their male privilege while refusing to conform to gender norms that are oppressive and only exist to support the military industrial complex and subsequent colonization; US Military Bases, anyone?"
2052,,Feminazcabooby,The director of HR at a place I worked came in as a Catholic schoolgirl. 7 months pregnant. It was the best.
2053,,halloweenaita1,"Yes, I could go to the head of HR Operations. I’m just afraid that complaining will get me fired for “stirring something up”."
2054,,Saphirekittenslave,More like play stupud games get stupid prizes
2055,,,And a woman was disciplined for it.
2056,,desertsunrise84,New to this sub. What do NTA & FTR mean?
2057,,,BINGO
2058,,,Himself*
2059,,,Do you know where this thread is? I'm just curious.
2060,,burntmatchesburn3x,"""Cis"" is a misogynist trans cult word that means nothing."
2061,,NYCradfem,I think you mean Riley Dennis?
2062,,Moonpriestes,"It definitely was racial. This entitled white dude may have done the same thing to a white woman, but he felt especially emboldened because OP is a black woman. If OP got angry, he could just lean into the 'angry black woman' stereotype in order to discredit her."
2063,,burntmatchesburn3x,"**His**. ""Sarah"" is a man."
2064,,burntmatchesburn3x,"**His**. ""Sarah"" is a man."
2065,,burntmatchesburn3x,"**His**. ""Sarah"" is a man."
2066,,lairacunda,"Your post has been removed for violating Rule 4: Don't Use Dehumanizing Language or Promote Bigotry or Violence

We do not tolerate hate. Posts will be removed if they are espousing misogyny, racism, anti-semitism, homophobia, ageism, ableism, denigrating the mentally ill (such as throwing around the term ""crazy"", often used to dismiss women's legitimate concerns), or truly hateful or dehumanizing descriptions of people (such as calling TIMs ""Frankenwomen""). Posts will be removed for using slurs, such as ""bitch"" and its derivatives, ""cunt"", [""TERF""](http://terfisaslur.tumblr.com/), ""tranny"", ""troon"", ""timmy"", or referring to women as ""cis-gendered."" Posts advocating violence or boasting about illegal acts are not allowed. Users will be warned or banned at the discretion of moderators."
2067,,chillmorebeersnow,I'm guessing it's 'AM I The Asshole'?
2068,,wildclovr,"""Am I The Asshole"""
2069,,burntmatchesburn3x,"He. ""Sarah"" is a man."
2070,,tehbewilderness,"It is a chemistry term that transgender advocates have adopted to try to make women a subset of women comparable to transwomen being a subset of women, instead of a transgender identified males being subset of men."
2071,,OmnibusToken,They’re all narcissists.
2072,,senator_mendoza,Strict gender stereotypes - back in fashion for 2019!
2073,,quattroformaggixfour,"My first thought-directly flipping the assumptions/allowances she made for the female dressed men.

I...I also am a fan of not gender shifting costumes to adapt them to wearer mostly cause it seems unnecessary to do when paying tribute to an idol/character.

I don’t have a problem with people that do choose to alter their costume but I dislike the broadly hyper sexual feminisation of most costumes (like the ‘sexy’ Mr Roger’s costume....just...why?)"
2074,,Surrealian,"I agree! HR is part of the problem. I’m sorry, but when the hell did society start catering to people’s delusions?! This isn’t PC, this is straight up silencing women and anyone who disagrees with this nonsense! Sue the shit out of them!

If people are so damned “triggered” and offended then they need to stay home and seek counseling. Fuck this noise."
2075,,femurfatale,"I have social phobia which is a disability and I am on disability for it (protected class and all), I can't make everyone leave the party because there are too many people.

If someone had a sensory disorder, I doubt there are people who would make hr use their library voices and have low music.

Alcoholics don't ask for booze not to be served. They have to deal with that trigger themselves and leave if they aren't ready to be around alcohol.

Lots of people work around their own issues all the time. I don't see how this one is any different"
2076,,,I would sue.
2077,,lilgreenbite,"I have so many questions about the HR department right now. They are falling into line so they don’t get sued by Sarah, yet they are throwing women under the bus at their own expense. Fuck this shit."
2078,,WillTheMadnessEnd," Fuck ~~HR~~ everyone:  politicians, libfems. the Left,  the medical establishment, corporations etc or enabling this nonsense !"
2079,,goodyusername,Underrated comment
2080,,grass-fed_quinoa,"Unofficial Gold 🏆

HR should have respected his identity and kicked him out too."
2081,,vulvapeople,"It's giving them way too much credit to call it a delusion.

TIMs are powertripping misogynists. Their thinking that leads to ""women are privileged over us"" comes from exactly the same place as MRAs proclaiming that women have it easy compared to men."
2082,,,"I have an acquaintance who's in her late 40s early 50s, who's a feminist and seems educated about actual feminism, but in passing mentioned ""cis privilege."" (as in ""we have cis privilege, we have white privilege"" when speaking of herself, myself and another white woman.)  I didn't say anything at the time because I don't know her well, but I need a way to explain how harmful this concept is succinctly and without anger. (I'm an angry person.) Can anyone help me? I have a feeling she'll bring it up again, we kind of have plans to hang out again and talk about feminism, and I know she takes pride in facts and figures in relation to other things she's talked about (palm oil, fair wages, etc) so I want to be able to nip all that at the bud if I can. Thank you for any help anyone can offer me.

&#x200B;

Edit: clarity"
2083,,neitherdeathnorpain,Seems like cis female privilege consists of...being a female.
2084,,winewatcher,And possibly incels in their youth (an idea someone suggested on another subreddit.
2085,,,"Because you are less valued than your male coworkers, trans or not. HR thought you we're ""safe"" to send home. If they tried to pull that shit with your male coworkers, they would have felt ""awkward"" or at the very least known they'd get pushback from the men.

You, as a woman, were disposable.

There was no downside to them sending you home. You weren't going to fight, and if you had fought your job would have been at risk, it wouldn't have been written off as ""men being men"".

The men were given the benefit of the doubt. ""Maybe they are experimenting with gender!""

What about you? Why did they think you weren't doing the same thing?

*Because it didn't matter to them if you were.*

Your also-male trans coworker was able to enjoy the rest of the evening knowing they had the power to get you sent away.

Think of this, too, do you think if your trans coworker was ftm instead of mtf that they would have been taken as seriously? Do you think HR would have told those two men to go home?"
2086,,hellamomzilla,"Also, because everyone knows that ""Sarah"" is really a man and men matter more. The end."
2087,,herontotem,Lower status for being a woman and black is why. Be mad.
2088,,neitherdeathnorpain,Because ‘she’ is a man and men’s feelings matter more than women’s safety and rights.
2089,,,"Alternate explanation:her feelings matter more than OP’s because in progressive dogma trans people are a more marginalized class than women; also in progressive dogma, the victim is sacred. When a member of that sacred victim group calls out in distress, they come to their defense."
2090,,PollyannaPenny,"> Thank you. I'm calling a lawyer on Monday.

&#x200B;

Please let us know how it goes (if/when you can). I'm curious to see how this pans out"
2091,,GnomesHateCheese,"Seconding the request to keep the sub updated on this. Beyond mere curiousity, I think there's definite potential that whatever comes out of this might turn out to be valuable information for women who read this sub. To the best of my knowledge, none of this stuff has been properly tested legally yet, and practices haven't been settled, so even individual cases can give important insight."
2092,,mamakia,Happy to hear this OP! That is the right move. We’re here for you. 🤗
2093,,Thatstealthygal,"To be fair this is about OP dressing as a male character, explicitly.

It also doesn't have a leg to stand on when equally ""cis"" men were crossdressing without censure and they decided to suggest latent transness might be their excuse, but did not extend that assumption to you.

Playing with gender is one of the most obvious expressions of the boundary pushing carnivalesque liminal world of the costume party. FFS."
2094,,xxfemalehuman,Omg! Me too. I'm liable to go full on berserker.
2095,,UpsetSwing,"It does. Most don't interact with me anymore, which is fine by me."
2096,,winewatcher,I’m a soft butch lesbian but guarantee my whole existence is also just a big trigger to these delusional men.
2097,,,Good
2098,,quattroformaggixfour,How dare you /s
2099,,,[deleted]
2100,,,The thing is that I've also seem TIMs claim that traditionally feminine women are triggering because we make them jealous. I've literally seen some of them say they hate conventionally beautiful women and being around them is too hard. So basically we can't appease them unless we all disappear.
2101,,Oof_too_Humid,So sad about the ACLU.
2102,,Nibbana0,"Yep, she may have to align with a faith based or conservative group to get help. Everything is upside down and inside out now."
2103,,rubythieves,"Also: I hate to even have to mention this, but be very specific in your notes about what you had to drink (if anything) at the party, how much and when. The 'she misinterpreted what we said because she was drunk and is over-dramatizing' is basically always the first defence in 'office party' incidents.

And just as for everything else - if anyone can back up your account of how much/what you had to drink, ask them to go on the record for you. Document whatever you can, however trivial it may seem."
2104,,PollyannaPenny,"> ACLU and HRC are both very pro-trans. Try find representation that will treat you fairly.

Y'all probably wont like to hear this, but a more right wing group might be a better fit to take this case should it proceed to litigation. As far as I know, no mainstream liberal/left-leaning organization with any shred of clout is going to risk pissing off the trans demographic right now.

&#x200B;

Trans issue aside, this was a clear example of sex discrimination. OP was held to a standard that her male co-workers were not simply because ONE person didn't like her costume. IMO, I think HR and the TiM only went after OP because they figured a woman would be easier to bully into compliance than two dudes. And that the dudes are far more likely to retaliate than a female co-worker."
2105,,Feminazcabooby,"Isn't this one of the underpinnings of the case before the Supreme Court now? That it's sex discrimination to have different clothing standards for men and women?

This seems like an obvious case of this."
2106,,Nibbana0,"She's black, white TIMs now have power to abuse black women ""legally"" and they're not going to be shy about using that power."
2107,,Oof_too_Humid,"This advice is great.  It's specific, but it also looks at big picture employment issues."
2108,,Nibbana0,"Men already get bitter about women ""using"" pregnancy and/or ""women"" issues to get time off, maternity leave, etc.. Not a stretch at all for TIMs to charge actual discrimination when ""triggered"" by a big belly."
2109,,DanCurtisProduction,"2nd this, it's a fairly straightforward instance of workplace sex discrimination. OP was treated differently than men because of her sex which is a violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act as amended. Terms and conditions were imposed on OP that were not imposed on males.

For generations women fought to obtain civil rights in employment and we have to use these laws now or they'll become meaningless."
2110,,vulvapeople,"If she puts them on the spot, they might realize they fucked up. So, even if they refuse to put anything in writing, they might learn to ignore the misogynistic TIM. If they put their anti-female/pro-TIM agenda in writing, OP will have that as evidence going forward.

I still think “innocently” inquiring into this incident has much fewer potential negative repercussions than making a formal complaint."
2111,,Struggle99,"Will a TiF have the power to kick men out of parties?

I’d be curious with how HR spins this.

OP can also do the trick of summarizing what happened and ask HR to confirm."
2112,,vulvapeople,"I’ve heard of so many bad behavior by trans people in the workplace, I have to wonder if they want employment protections because they really seem determined to make employers and coworkers alike fear and loathe them."
2113,,chocoboat,"I've seen a situation like that take place where the ""outraged"" protestor had a huge smile on their face while playing the victim role and acting like a moral authority. They couldn't hide the joy they were feeling of getting to live out their fantasy of a public confrontation."
2114,,immersang,"> This person knew who to target since OP did back down. Frankly, if it were me, I wouldn't entertain whatever bullshit that was being spewed from their mouth

I think OP's issue might have been HR showing up and taking ""Sarah""'s side. They did say they cannot ""make her leave"", but still. I can't exactly blame OP for backing down at this point.

However, as OP I *would* start job-searching the minute I got home."
2115,,UpsetSwing,Nice flair!
2116,,Jo_in_TN,"Ding!  Ding!  Ding!

I think we have the winning answer!"
2117,,IlIlIlIlIIIIllllll,"Holy shit, good call."
2118,,,He didn't like that her costume was basically pointing out that his iDeNTiTaY is a costume.
2119,,RadFemProf,"I have an older relative who recently ""retired early"" from her HR position after 30+ years, and a big part of her decision was stuff like what's in the OP. She couldn't take it anymore, and thought much of it was just sexist nonsense. So, yeah, gender critical in HR is apparently a nightmare right now."
2120,,PlumRavenPie,"Yikes, I'm so sorry you're in this position. This is really frusterating because you're expected to just walk on eggshells as to not invalidate this TIM. I hope that because your HR lady is empathetic that it doesn't escalate any further.

Personally, I would wear men's clothing just to piss him off but I'm not as invested in the job as you are haha."
2121,,marshmallowblues,"""I'm so sorry about this.""
""You are not, you coward. Fuck you.""
(How that should've gone down)

;)
You're in the right, sister. Fight this!"
2122,,,"I would say fuck the HR woman too. She had an opportunity to defend a fellow woman and she chose to pander to a delusional TIM. Don’t worry about what happens to her. All she had to do was politely decline the request but she facilitated in passive discrimination and abuse.

Obviously you know her personally so i don’t doubt you feel differently. I’m not trying to belittle your point of view but I think she’s also in the wrong."
2123,,,It is SO manipulative.
2124,,GCMadamXX,Take it to a lawyer first. Most law firms will have a free consultation with you. Make a clear record of all this too. Ask your colleagues if they witnessed anything and get them on record.
2125,,,[deleted]
2126,,morningtea50,"I’m sorry that happened to you. Getting singled out in such a negative and unfair way by people in authority (HR) really sucks.

However, this might not be something to bother going up the chain of command for. You are right to be concerned about getting labeled as a troublemaker.
>
>


Instead, I would say to discuss this incident with your most gossipy coworker, and then mostly let them spread the word.
>
>
Also:
>

Sarah claimed that you had cis privilege, but how does he know that?How did the HR person and Sarah both know for sure that you’re NOT secretly struggling with being transgender, and that this costume was your way of experimenting with your true identity?
>
>


If you had informed HR that you too were transgender would you have been allowed to stay?? In that case you would had been forced to out yourself at work as trans by HR’s behavior. Not cool.
>
>


People react with sympathy to their coworkers being treated unfairly, because they know that next time it might be them. It’s really unfair that you were singled out like that. At the very least everyone who was cross-dressing at the party should have been asked to leave."
2127,,NecessaryScene1,"You're not stirring something up. Sarah did. You are the victim of discrimination here.

The law (should) exist to protect you from discriminatory acts. Not to protect Sarah's (alleged) feelings."
2128,,,"Oh, make no mistake:  legally speaking, they should be afraid of YOU, not the other way around.  A black woman gets kicked out of a party for making a white man cry because he looks, well, like a man?  Please.  Walk in confident.   Your mantra:  there is NO SUCH THING as trans rights.  They aren't a protected class and, one hopes, never will be."
2129,,BoobDoodles,"For the record, not the asshole."
2130,,lacubana,I feel like it was this one? https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/comments/aae8ot/so_apparently_expressing_relief_at_no_longer/
2131,,OmnibusToken,"I’m way past college age and had to look up this word. I’ve only read it, never heard it spoken. It’s fkn stupid."
2132,,BlankeneseHamburg,Yes!
2133,,grass-fed_quinoa,"I wish I had never seen the phrase ""sexy Mister Rogers costume"". I hate this planet."
2134,,Jasmine089,"....why is that a thing....😳😳😳(referring to ""sexy"" Mr Roger's)"
2135,,steppe_dweller,"Yes, I have a sensory disorder and a lot of the time I am very, very uncomfortable. I have earplugs and earphones, I avoid certain places, and for the rest, I just deal with it. I'd very much appreciate it if we didn't have to have constant noise (enjoyable music for many) everywhere but that's not going to happen.

(I thought for much of my life that all music was acutely painful to me but realized a few years ago that I can enjoy it if it's acoustic.)"
2136,,TragicxPeach,"Ironically I believe its still male privilege that drives this, if you grew up a privledged white man and transition in your 20s-30s do you really think his male priviledge, attitude, and socialization just dissapears because hes a ""woman"" now? No, now he just gets to hide behind this facade of marginalization and get a pass at being a mysoginist openly."
2137,,desertsunrise84,I'm new to this sub...what is a TIM? My guess is Trans-Identifying Man?
2138,,Oiorpatareturns,"Why not ask her if she includes the statistics about women making up 70% of the world's poor, suffering the most from social security cuts, being underrepresented politically, dying in our millions from female infanticide, suffering female genital mutilation, being taken out of school and forced to become child brides, living with the constant threat of sexual violence, domestic abuse, honour killings,  sexual trafficking/slavery, rape and all the widows who are disowned by relatives and driven from their homes with only the clothes on their backs are included in cis privilege? Or just ask her who cleans the toilet in her family?"
2139,,3lvy,"Ask her if she really believes that people who transition after having been socialized as a male for xx number of years suddenly lose all their very real male privilege they gained from years of being a male.

If she loves facts and logic she should be able to understand that they keep this privilege to a big extent, even if they suddenly say they always felt like a woman. They don't even seem to understand what a woman really is.. she isn't what she wears or how she acts. Womanhood is not a costume."
2140,,4eyedPurplePPLeater,"Cis is supposed to mean your gender identity matches your body/ sex. But going by their own doctrine, assuming a person's gender identity is a bad thing. Therefore, assuming you're cis & have cis privilege, goes against gender ideology.... yet it happens all the time because rampant hypocrisy thrives in this movement.

Gender pertains to roles, stereotypes, & expectations, that are nothing but a social construct, enforced by a patriarchal society. Gender has been a powerful tool used to oppress women -- by claiming we are ""cis"", they are claiming we are not only walking stereotypes, but that we willingly identify with our oppression... not very progressive is it?

That's why gender identity is harmful. For it to exist, they expect a portion of people to fit into this narrow definition of what a man or woman is. We know no one does, so going by gender logic, everyone should technically be ""non binary"" or ""trans"", because no one is a walking stereotype.

If everyone could qualify as having a different ""gender identity"" from their sex, then it shows why the whole concept is flawed. They choose to believe in these regressive sexist stereotypes, & tell people their body must be wrong, rather than seeing the problem is with having that mentality in the first place.

ETA: someone else here made a beautiful comment the other day. They said something like: 50 years ago, if a boy wanted to wear a dress, he was told no, because boys can't wear dresses. Now, if a boy wants to wear a dress, he's told yes, but also told he must be a girl, because boys still can't wear dresses."
2141,,3lvy,How dare you!!!!!
2142,,,"They're still incels! The only people who want to fuck TIMs are, reluctantly, other TIMs."
2143,,Bananastic,"Exactly you nailed it, the scene if a FTM tried to send men home because they had feminine costumes would have been a joke. Everyone would have told her to get over it, if she would even have dared to complain. Every actions made by the TIM and HR reek of misogyny."
2144,,chocoboat,"> HR thought you we're ""safe"" to send home.

The progressive stack in action. They would never dare suggest to send the TIM home."
2145,,Cassandra_Never_Lies,The harsh reality of our misogynistic world in a nutshell.
2146,,InspectorIsOnTheCase,This 100%.
2147,,YesPleaseMadam,That suggestion is specially rude because one of them is gay (per OP account). So OF COURSE he’s a great candidate for the snap-your-dick-and-become-straight course of treatment.
2148,,littlerbear,"One of the benefits of perimenopause.

I mean, really. Some dude or some handmaiden is gonna get on me for wearing pants? Save me, Father! Things would get real interesting real quick."
2149,,heidischallenge,Yes. They made a specific announcement that redditors from our sub would be banned
2150,,neitherdeathnorpain,"“Basically we can’t appease them unless we all disappear.”

Precisely."
2151,,femurfatale,And no one cares about the unconventional beauties. There is a huge spectrum. Kind of bugs me that I think secretly mtf have this idea that they'll be drop dead gorgeous women and get laid all the time like they think women do
2152,,PlayLysistrataRules,"Women are triggering because we are women and we don't have to convince everyone around us of that fact or compel them to refer to us as female - we just are.

&#x200B;

Triggering."
2153,,Oof_too_Humid,"All of this is excellent legal advice.  I hope OP takes it.

And generally speaking, it's great advice for other workplace issues.  People tend to focus on the clear injustice of something but don't understand the huge importance of writing down as many specifics as possible (for your own notes) in order to be successful in a legal case."
2154,,Nibbana0,"Well they don't have any other way to sell females for money/power/votes right now, the right still has blocking access to birth control/abortion. The left has no choice to but sell our bodies for sex work and our biology for male colonization."
2155,,TAgurl,That’s a good point. Perhaps OP could look at the details of this case as there might be pertinent knowledge that could pertain (directly or indirectly) to her situation.
2156,,ahcabot,"No, the SCOTUS case is specifically NOT about whether it's okay to have different dress codes for males and females. ""Aimee Stephens"" ~~Harris~~ (the dude suing) is specifically okay with men and women being held to different standards and all of the sexism inherent in the female dress code. He just wants to adhere to the women's dress code instead of the men's."
2157,,Nibbana0,"Nothing new under THAT sun, white men have been using laws to abuse all female bodies, but especially black female bodies, since there were laws. Actually glad she left before he might've gotten her alone."
2158,,4eyedPurplePPLeater,"That & if there's no such thing as sex, why should women get time off, breastfeeding breaks, etc., when ""technically"" (TIFS/ ""cis"") men, non binaries, ""women"" (TIMS), etc., are capable of having those same challenges too... yet those ""women"" aren't taking off work, or getting breaks... either that, or ""men"" are capable of those challenges too, so all men in general should get the same.

It becomes an ""everyone/anyone"" issue, just like getting the flu. Same for discrimination. Can't claim there's discrimination against women going on, if the employer doesn't show a pattern of doing that to all ""women"" (TIMS).

Also can't fight against misogyny, when there's ""women"" (TIMS) arguing it doesn't affect them, or arguing they don't see a need for policies/ protections. It actually hits us from both sides, with ""men"" (TIFS) arguing against women too -- they're still being lumped in with women when it comes to some biological functions (even if people pay lip service), so their words are also weighed as women's words, because they insist on being included in those discussions about pregnancy, breastfeeding, menstruation, etc.

They created an enormous problem, by confusing sex for gender. Because of TIMS & TIFS, biology that was only relevant to being a woman, has been made irrelevant (with this: not all women have xyz/ some men experience xyz)."
2159,,wildclovr,"I agree.  And, I think ""innocently"" inquiring still carries some risks."
2160,,wildclovr,"And, the way this trick normally works is you talk in person or over the phone, then follow up the conversation with an email.  That way you have a ""paper trail"" in any case.  If they really take issue with your email, they have the opportunity to respond.  If they don't respond, then it could look kind of like however you said it over email is accurate."
2161,,PollyannaPenny,"> I’ve heard of so many bad behavior by trans people in the workplace, I  have to wonder if they want employment protections because they really  seem determined to make employers and coworkers alike fear and loathe  them.

Their protected class status combined with how sensitive they are and how prone they are to put people on blast over social media for the pettiest of shit makes them a HUGE liability to hire! It's no wonder the trans employment rate is low. If you owned a business, would YOU want to take that chance?"
2162,,,[deleted]
2163,,GCMadamXX,"Oh, and also, go to work dressed as a man from now on."
2164,,desertsunrise84,Thank you!
2165,,,Thank you for sharing and yes that sounds right. Geez. I guess the trolls needs to bow down to the pretty feminists. Patriarchy and capitalism are the keys to the cosmetics kingdom.
2166,,quattroformaggixfour,I wish it wasn’t a legit commercial costume!
2167,,femurfatale,But you wouldn't go to a party and ask for library voices lol
2168,,,"Thank you! This is good. It's baffling to me, honestly, because she mentioned she has a lesbian daughter (who lives in Portland now, so maybe that's part of it.) She herself seems very strong and well put together and she talked about her daughter being very rebellious against the conservative schooling and area we live in, so I figure that's why her daughter is ok with being a lesbian instead of a ""trans man."")

Bookmarking for future reference. I hope it works. At this point I'm so fucking sick of all this I don't even want to engage but besides saying ""I'm not cis"" I don't know how else to go about it."
2169,,,"Thank you. This is simple enough anyone should be able to understand. I appreciate this very much. This entire conversation was in the context of privilege, so I'd be shocked if she didn't get it. However, I'm becoming pretty numb to the amount of women totally shutting down their brains in regards to supporting the twans.

Either way, thanks a bunch."
2170,,basegoddess85,Transcels
2171,,chocoboat,"I would love to see a ""what would you do?"" type of show featuring these two circumstances, and how people would react differently. I wonder how a crying and complaining TIF would be received in that same situation. I honestly could see it going either way, as the ""we don't dare disagree with a trans person"" mindset isn't exclusively for TIMs only."
2172,,quattroformaggixfour,I wasn’t sure how I felt about this sub and was really dipping my toe reading to understand what it was all about. This particular post and its responses has blown my mind. Wide open.
2173,,PollyannaPenny,"> The progressive stack in action. They would never dare suggest to send the TIM home.

EXACTLY!

The logical solution would be to send the TiM home. If he's so delicate that something as simple as a woman dressing up as a male Batman villain causes him to run screaming to HR and cry ""DYSPHORIA!!"", than he's clearly too sensitive for Halloween.

&#x200B;

Also, as others have pointed out, where does this end? If this TiM can command HR to send a woman home for wearing a tuxedo to a party (without the makeup, most TwoFace costumes are just normal tuxedos), can he also send one home during a normal workday because she wore a ""masculine"" pantsuit to the office and it triggered him? What if a very butch woman comes to work there and seeing her go about her day in masculine clothes, no makeup, and short hair causes him to have a breakdown? Will HR then be compelled to tell the butch woman she's required to wear skirts and makeup to the office because it would make the trans person less sad? It's INSANE to allow one person to have this much power over their co-workers.

&#x200B;

I can't help feeling just a little sorry for the HR rep in this story. I imagine HR was in a bind because, in this climate, if you say ""no"" to a transgender person (especially a TiM) or imply that they might be over reacting to something silly (like a goddam Halloween costume) you'll likely be in for a PR nightmare that could destroy your business. If the female OP took this to the media, she'd just be painted as a whiney feminist zealot and/or TERF"
2174,,grass-fed_quinoa,"Is it kind of like how a mother can lift a car off of her crushed child thing? If so, I'm looking forward to aging."
2175,,TragicxPeach,How does that work? Do they look at your post/comment history? Or is it a bot that does it automatically?
2176,,Scrappy_Mongoose,What really? Can you link that?
2177,,,">femurfatale

They'll never look like women, they're delusional."
2178,,,">PlayLysistrataRules

Our existence alone is a problem for them. There's no winning."
2179,,rubythieves,"Thank you, and yes, you are 100% correct. I have seen so many cases turn around completely on detailed, as-it-happened documentation... get it written down, ASAP!

Then email your story to yourself (and a trusted friend, or your mom or sister or whatever) so it's dated and timed. Then print it out, seal it in an envelope, mail it to yourself, and after you receive it in the mail keep it sealed - the postmark is your proof of when you wrote it (this is a common thing in copyright cases, it works just as well for 'witness testimony') You can unseal it in court or arbitration if it comes to that.

If you know what happened, you can describe the timeline, and especially if you have any witnesses (if they heard the 'you should leave' conversation, amazing, but even if they just noticed you leaving suddenly and unexpectedly and remember the cross-dressing men staying on, that's damn good)  you are in a strong position and HR should be quaking in their boots... details, every little detail. We lawyers will jump on a case with contemporary accounts of what happened in detail... because we can win those, more often than not. I understand you're hurt and upset but write it all down, find any witnesses who can corroborate any part of what you're alleging, focus on getting the story down first before you start worrying about lawyers and all that... *the story is the case*. Your lawyer is only useful if they can interpret the story in terms of the law - if you have no clear story or a story that can be discredited? No case. Write it all down now, while it's fresh and you remember details. It could be more valuable than you could ever imagine."
2180,,4eyedPurplePPLeater,"Yes! The supreme court case is about a man identifying as a woman, therefore wanting the same dress code as women. It doesn't challenge sexist dress codes in anyway, because it hinges on arguing that an individual's ""gender"" identity should allow them to wear the dress code standards of whatever sex they identify as.

Even if the case is successful, all an employer needs to do is axe any ""woman"" dress codes & make a policy,  (for ex) that all employees need to wear neutral colored pants & a button up.

Maybe that could be the silver lining -- some employers may stop requiring no makeup, heels, or dresses for women, so men can't sue them."
2181,,pissedoff2ndwaver,"> Harris (the dude suing) is specifically okay with men and women being held to different standards and all of the sexism inherent in the female dress code.

Ye, except that Harris is the funeral home being sued and the plaintiff is the EEOC and a guy named Aimee Stephens."
2182,,Nibbana0,"There has been discussion of men taking the ""maternity"" leave instead of the mothers, imagine we'll see a day where a man, probably at TIM, will insist on taking it and sending actual mom back to work early as possible, while pumping of course and still healing so he can be ""mommy"" and validated. And of course they'll always find women willing to go along with it."
2183,,,And so many women ushered this along.  It makes me SO angry and resentful.
2184,,PassRestProd,"Exactly, do you want to hire someone who is going to make it a point to go off on a customer if that customer does not go out of their way to walk on eggshells?

Or lock themselves in the bathroom/ refuse to come out of the break room because their feelings are more important than getting a job done? Bottle it up and get drunk after work like the rest of us.

That being said, I know two TIPs who do not act like that, so it’s definitely about the maturity of the person; the trait they both have in common is that they don’t immediately announce their trans-ness and insist you cater to it."
2185,,LittleOwl12,"The infamous ""Smugglypuff."" Her life got ruined via internet for that, but not the violent dude. One of the many reasons I am never a default ally to anyone with a dick. He has to negotiate my support first."
2186,,steppe_dweller,no ;-)
2187,,Feminazcabooby,"Women are taught to blame themselves when they feel uncomfortable. A TIF would be far, far less likely to pull that shit because female socialization."
2188,,wildclovr,"I feel like everyone in this story was just sort of reacting, in that moment.  The TIM was being a bully.  The HR rep went ahead and helped out with the bullying, lest she and the company should become a target, too.  The OP wasn't prepared for any of this and made the choice probably a whole lot of use would have made, and maybe it was the right choice - after all, the OP still has her job, for now.

But at some point, somebody's got to stand up to the bully.  Otherwise, women all just get bullied out of being able to be in the paid workforce."
2189,,littlerbear,"Not really. It's more like when you're not loaded with estrogen anymore you lose the ability to be nice all the time. You stsee where 'nice' is important, and where it's not necessary and not good. Also, declining estrogen throws off your dopamine and your serotonin, which can make for poor sleep, irritability and hot flashes. Basically, your body says 'I'm exhausted from the internal bullshit and can't deal with any external nonsense'. You literally, physically can't deal with crap anymore. I wish it felt better physically, but it's really kind of freeing.

BTW - I don't take estrogen or any other HRT because I have fibroids. I take SSRIs and sleep meds to manage moods and insomnia, so I have the clarifying, righteous anger with minimal suffering."
2190,,,"They look at your history, yes."
2191,,grass-fed_quinoa,There are a few subs with bots or whatever that ban you automatically if you post here 3+ times or something.
2192,,femurfatale,"And I think the privilege of having 100k to buy breasts, a vagina, shave an Adams apple, get laser hair removal, fave sculpting, etc is precisely indicative of how we are wayyy off on what it means to be a woman and what kinds of challenges real women face."
2193,,grass-fed_quinoa,"/u/halloweenaita1 Hopefully you look at this, it's really good advice!"
2194,,TAgurl,"Having a document date and time stamped is critically important, so great point to make.

With regards to any professional environment I’m in, or if I’m making arrangements or resolving an issue with a professional service (i.e. a utility company), I take records of everything - time the call/conversation was made, name of person I spoke to, what was said in the conversation, is there a call number, did the other party advise they might be recording the conversation themselves etc. I myself go so far as to record conversations, but ALWAYS with the other persons approval or permission first! (it’s illegal to record without permission in differing jurisdictions). Generally, the burden of proof will always fall on to you if there is no other evidence.

Doing so, I’ve had decisions made against me/my actions from years past overturned or abolished, and this includes fines or supposed multiple debts (which were proved to be incorrect). I could do this only because I keep detailed records.

This may seem extreme, but how many times for instance, have people been verbally told something by a utility company only to receive a bill where you’ve been charged for something outside of what you thought were agreed terms. If you contact them and challenge them on this, they typically claim ignorance or error, so bad luck for you. Recording the conversations you have with these people/companies (with permission) disallows them from negating ACTUAL statements they have made. You have proof of this.

Details matter! Even the seemingly innocuous. Most people do not consider how critically important these details are."
2195,,ahcabot,"Thanks, I fixed it."
2196,,Nibbana0,"I'm so disgusted by society in general at this point honestly just want exactly what rich people get, a nice gated community with a shitload of social policing and exclusion. Only for about 10 people."
2197,,PassRestProd,"> Her life got ruined via internet for that, but not the violent dude.

Of course."
2198,,fanstasyred,Wait what? This is the first time I've heard of this. Can people explain?
2199,,PollyannaPenny,"> Women are taught to blame themselves when they feel uncomfortable. A TIF  would be far, far less likely to pull that shit because female  socialization.

&#x200B;

So true. And, also, because of the indoctrination of the trans cult, a triggered TiF would most likely go after the ""cis-woman"" in the masculine costume rather than the dudes dressed as Harley Quinn because blaming women and forcing them to bend to make trans people more comfortable is the default in most transgender circles"
2200,,ssssecrets,"Holy wow, that's the most on the nose thing I've encountered in weeks. They couldn't have missed the point of June's mom's plot harder if they tried."
2201,,,Was this recent or is this something that has been ongoing since the creation of that thread? That makes me sad as I love that novel (yes it was a novel first which so many fans seem to not even know) and think it's quite cruel that women are banned from talking about it because of our views. Talk about not getting the point... but then again the show in my opinion is garbage compared to the novel.
2202,,starsinthetwilight,"Not only that, but TIMs are often validated by having those things covered under universal healthcare systems, instead of having to pay for it with their own disposable income."
2203,,susiesmum,https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/smugglypuff
2204,,femurfatale,Wow. That's amazing when breast reductions weren't regularly covered till recently
2205,,,"That's a female, right?"
2206,,rideloo,"This makes me so fucking angry I don't even know what to do with myself anymore. How the fuck do we get humanity to STOP OPPRESSING WOMEN. How. Is this just going to last forever or is there hope that things can change so we can be liberated and free??? I don't want to live in this disgusting world anymore. Like seriously, fuck this. If trans women can just say this crap and oppress us literally in the exact same way men do then what kind of world is that. We didn't ask for this shit, just fucking leave us alone and let us live in peace. I hate these people."
2207,,susiesmum,"Yes, a transman. That's why she was harassed all over the internet but the male transwomen who attacked that
Southern woman wasn't."
2208,,pupsockett,A good illustration of the fact that identity politics only works for one side
2209,,molpar,"This is based on a true story. Watch the film. Uncle despairs for his niece who got second place in Jiu Jitsu because her opponent was a transgender male.


[uncle’s despair for niece](https://www.bitchute.com/video/rFYavG9JkCRS/) "
2210,,Carthimundia,"I'd love to see a McKinnon-type trans age person argue this.

 ""Age has NOTHING TO DO WITH SPORTING SUCCESS.""

""kids just have to work harder. They have every chance to beat adults.""

 ""It's not cheating, because the little league said that trans age kids can join.""

""Would it really, REALLY, be such a terrible thing if the podium was filled with trans age kids? Would it REALLY be terrible if trans age kids won all the time? Why are the cis age children so obsessed with winning?""

""Um, excuse me, but one time this kid beat me so I obviously have no advantage.""

""Just saw David Beckham on the BBC saying that it's absurd that an adult can just declare themselves a child and compete with children. What a transageist piece of shit. TRANS KIDS ARE KIDS.""

""there are some parents who are bigots and protest, but the kids have been great. They've really welcomed me as one of their own. We play Pokemon, eat candy - just kids stuff. They really keep me going.""

&#x200B;"
2211,,hellamomzilla,KRAMER DOMINATING AT THE DOJO.
2212,,muffinsrising,"Wow this was a ride. When I was searching for this article I came across [a similar one posted to reddit](http://np.reddit.com/r/crossfit/comments/6luvs1/man_who_identifies_as_6year_old_dominates/) about a man dominating a kids crossfit class. One of the comments referred to the article saying that the man 'didn't identify' as someone who was taking growth hormones, and mentioned that this should be a standard response to a PED's accusation.

&#x200B;

I [googled PED](https://www.floelite.com/articles/6225210-emily-abbott-fails-ped-test-is-barred-from-crossfit-games) because I didn't know what it stood for: Performance-Enhancing Drug test. That article lists women who have been sanctioned for failing the test. 2nd on the list is a woman banned for using ""clomiphene - selective estrogen receptor modulator"".

&#x200B;

[Clomiphene](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clomifene) is primarily prescribed to treat female infertility by stimulating ovulation (for example, women with PCOS). It stimulates GnRH release, which upregulates sex hormone production and inhibits receptors for estrogen in the brain that would turn 'off' the signal. As a result, the hypothalamus perceives the body to have low estrogen, and upregulates gonadotropin (FSH and LH) production. These stimulate the ovaries to produce more estrogen. As ovary follicles develop they in turn produce more estrogen. It works for infertility because high estrogen is needed at that phase of the cycle to get a follicle to rupture for ovulation.

&#x200B;

Clomiphene is banned by the [World Anti-Doping Agency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_drugs_banned_by_WADA). So females can't use drugs to increase their estrogen production as a treatment for PCOS and infertility, but TiMs can pop all the estrogen that pleases them without regulation to treat their genderfeels. Women aren't allowed to mess with their natural estrogen hormone levels, not even when they have a serious medical condition... so much for ""transwomen are women""."
2213,,WotNoKetchup,"and to accommodate him, they had to incorporate his high chair and a bag of sweeties to tempt him off it!
: ("
2214,,Ramsden_12,"The ironic thing is that some people have developmental disorders that mean they have the mind of a young child trapped in an adult body, whereas obviously men cannot be women trapped in male bodies.  In that sense age identifying is more valid and truthful than trans identifying."
2215,,_anon_throwaway_," 😂  😂  😭  😭

&#x200B;"
2216,,,"I had to find a new dojo after sensei Ira and I parted ways. My new sensei, sensei Billy, thought I had more than enough training to take the test. Turns out, sensei Ira was a bit of a shyster. Sensei Billy says most students don’t spend $150,000 over 20 years to get their black belt."
2217,,mallyngerer,In the contests when men are allowed to compete as women they say its OK as long as they've been taking female hormones. So have they tested this in competitive sports?
2218,,,"Who allows this? I've read threw Facebook commers, Reddit and YouTube, artical after artical. Absolutely no one thinks it's fare. I mean people get touchy about the politics but like everyone thinks it's a joke."
2219,,fanslo,I can't find the article. Pretty sure it's fake.
2220,,Amareldys,I can't find the onion article anywhere
2221,,SpiritofKavanaugh,"I know this is an Onion article and it's meant to be satire. But, if you guys are okay/ support people who identify as a man, woman or whatever is in between. Then why can an adult individual not identify as a child? Stop discriminating. "
2222,,ashmanboy,MAYBE JUST MAYBE ITS A FUCKING JOKE
2223,,oooleah,this isnt the fucking onion lol
2224,,Eeeeeeeeeeeeeee_,How did you post a picture??
2225,,,[removed]
2226,,NPerez99,He sounds heartbroken for her.
2227,,Banana_Kama,Hilarious episode
2228,,DepressedCactus5324,"Men are ALWAYS more important than women
"
2229,,womenopausal,and when the cis-five-year-olds said five-year-olds were too old to use highchairs he told them to stop policing his age-expression.
2230,,CricketNiche,"True, but those individuals are still treated as their actual age. A 21 year old with the mind of a child can still legally drink and will most likely be barred from age limited activities. People will still be kind to them and interact with them on their level, but legally we will still treat them as their actual age.




Wait a minute, I feel like I'm on to something here..."
2231,,FAdonkey905,wouldn't having requirements be an oxymoron at that point?
2232,,,"A man on the changemyview sub told me yesterday that HRT can shrink transwomen's hands and feet and make them shorter. I bowed out of the ""debate"" at that point. "
2233,,WotNoKetchup,"tut tut tut!

 remember now it's illegal for you to suspend your disbelief like they have

 they don't believe they are male

 so their disbelief supersedes yours

: ("
2234,,EquivalentApple,"Damn. I was impressed with them for a moment. I didn’t think they’d have the ovaries  to offend their key target demographic (not trans people, I mean useless lefty  wokebeards.)"
2235,,drink_your_ostarine,r/atetheonion
2236,,ShameSchool,My mistake. I found this on r/atetheonion but it’s originally from a site called Men’s Humor.
2237,,ShameSchool,THANK YOU FOR THIS INFORMATION.
2238,,womenopausal,Radfems tend to see women as a political class rather than as an identity.
2239,,Wildhawk,Identity politics does not equal social justice.
2240,,pupsockett,No
2241,,WotNoKetchup,"Yes and when someone told him he needed to hand over the keys to his car because 5 year olds weren't allowed to drive cars, he started to  beat his chest and scream, it's not fair , it's not fair, it's not fair, why are you all so anti 5 year olds, what is wrong with you people?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9bijpK9wPs"
2242,,heidischallenge,I have a cousin my age who has the intellect of a 3 year old. I'm not sure he knows his age. His parents are elderly and they got him into a home in the last few years because they just can't manage him anymore. He's incredibly strong.
2243,,vulvapeople,"I'm sure that depends on how competent they are. If a person can't manage their own affairs, then they have to be managed by someone else. Although that still doesn't mean that the person isn't being treated like their age; they're being treated like an adult who has diminished capacity."
2244,,fanslo,I'm aware that the onion is a satire site. What I meant is that the onion didn't actually post this.
2245,,adungitit,"And just like that, the picture suddenly becomes unclean."
2246,,ashmanboy,"YOUR WELCOME,  I LOVE TEACHING OTHERS"
2247,,Gramofonika,"That's exactly it. Being a woman is not an identity. A man would never define himself as such, and womanhood as an identity exists only in opposition to the ""neutral"" man."
2248,,artificialgraymatter,"> Yes and when someone told him he needed to hand over the keys to his car because 5 year olds weren't allowed to drive cars

Ha. This is so relevant. Because trans and abdl communities actually argue about this shit all of the time.

“There’s no such thing as age dysphoria, because you still drink and drive cars.”

“Well, then there’s no such thing as gender dysphoria, because you still piss standing up!”

hastag#transgatekeeping"
2249,,NecessarySpeed4,"somewhat similar predicament

have a cousin,he has the mind of a child but the body of a 6'3 well built adult man

he can do simple tasks and works a number of odd jobs to support his mother, but he has ""temper tantrums"" which can be very dangerous


its a struggle with him "
2250,,ShameSchool,*YOU’RE DOING US A GREAT SERVICE.
2251,,WotNoKetchup,"It's great how trans get to police what a dysphoria is and isn't?

In a previous study, it was suggested that the experience of blood donation was also gendered, that for male donors it was ‘just a product’ while for women blood donation formed a relationship with the recipient (Waldby et al. 2004).

 However, in the plasma products industry, male plasma has historically been more highly sought after and valued because it is perceived as a less ‘risky’ product than plasma from women.

Two examples demonstrate how gender operates as an organising principle in blood and plasma processing.

First, in the UK since 2003, a policy of ‘male donor preference’ has been adopted meaning that all women's plasma obtained through blood donation is usually discarded (i.e. unless there is a shortage of male plasma) because it is associated with a potentially higher incidence of Transfusion Related Acute Lung Injury (TRALI) attributed to high levels of antibodies following pregnancy.

The reproductive potential of women's bodies impacts on how they are understood as blood and plasma donors: women are identified as potentially being or having been pregnant at the point of donation and thus at risk of adversely affecting the recipients of their donated plasma. Women are thus constructed as more risky bodies and the maternal body as representing a threat to blood and plasma product safety"
2252,,ashmanboy,"STOP, YOU’RE JUST BEING FLATTERING"
2253,,heidischallenge,I thought TRALI is only from multiparous women?
2254,,4eyedPurplePPLeater,"No,  I think they are finding it in any woman who's been pregnant at all, no need for even birth. I might be wrong, but I swear that's what they've found out.     "
2255,,WotNoKetchup,"Yes

"
